May 19, 2026
Meeting May 19, 2026 at 15:55 EDT - Transcript
00:00:00

salon: Are you looking after the presentations and so on? Are you looking after the head? Uh kind of she'll present one of the projects in the hackathon has been working with me on teleport for quite some time now. One of the famous Oh, really? Okay. Yeah. So students I work in the artist. She does a lot of content and influencer marketing. which is now also doing PR like PR team for the shape rotator accelerator fig should make sure to follow. Yes. Yes. together as well. This is our second day of the accelerator. We had the uh kickoff day yesterday and it's on boarding. I guess there is the first uh week of the accelerator where the accelerator is 10-week program. Uh prior to the accelerator we had the virtual hackathon ran on club and that was how we did a bunch of fats from Um in total the teams admitted were well that's right. Some came from people we already knew. Some came from applications that came in after the virtual hack of funds and from um ones that we only got in the virtual hack.


00:02:42

salon: Um yeah, a bunch of IC3 guns ago. because it's just admitted Ashley again with you and it disappeared. She is. I think she is. Hello. Hey, Ashley.
Ashley Stanhope: Hey, how's it
salon: Hey, pretty
Ashley Stanhope: going?
salon: good.
Ashley Stanhope: Hey
salon: I think I find the calendar of people that we wanted out today. Okay, I know seven floor was around the Ethereum. We won't have it today and I think I I didn't go out of my way to specifically let Freya know that like you have to box. Yeah. becoming like you seriously have to sit here at school. So, okay. Few people in this room this time. Should I just Yeah. Yeah. Go drag all the people in from the other room. just twice. The whole thing is is ours. There's a house the actual. So this is the school. The school has a bell. Someone was ringing the bell. There's also bells that house down in that direction across the hall. This is um well the whole first week being this familiarization between the teams and the cohort.


00:07:47

salon: So uh Tuesday through Thursday they're doing these afternoon sessions of project intro meetings, project intro presentations. Um, and then a little bit more structured um coaching sessions and exercises on startup and product development will make up some of the, you know, following weeks. Let me improvise right now what um order it makes sense to go in. Are you able to hear me there? Hey, Wiki. Figured I would just check the audio. It's probably a little better just because the sound is better. Hey, somebody to see if it'll be maybe check. Oh. Oh, great. Yeah, great point. And the two guests. Thank you for spotting that. Nice. Nice. Har. Good to see you.
RAJAT VERMA: Hello. Great to see you.
salon: We're just finishing collecting enough people to start. We won't delay too much more. now. Okay. So, I'm going to go first, right? What do you think's a good order to go in? This is a little bit of an odd cluster because it's uh market information markets and consumer products which I think are not obviously the same thing.


00:09:44

salon: They can be kind of the same thing. I mean, prediction markets are sort of consumerf facing. That's that's for sure true. Um, who else is coming for for Russ? I'm really excited that we brought Claw here because he's very knowledgeable about uh DeFi. Oh, to to help join in the question and answer for the project introductions. Oh, Vish, I made sure to invite Vish as well. Um, who are the most consumer product advice oriented people here? I guess probably James. probably have to come in here for consumer app feedback. James and no James Barnes from Project. I know that Carter's around and is going to join us for the like evening fireside chat session, but I don't think he can make it for the project introduction Q&A. Um, see what's a good order. Is there more in lobby still? Oh, I got now. This is Oh, excellent. PR's uh rainbow. I could do that. And uh he has a social app. But we can Oh, check. Actually, we may have time to go through that then.


00:11:16

salon: um prova uh won't be available today to do an intro. So that's um okay that's a pretty good density of consumer app on um what's a good order then I mean should we do the um I guess they say maybe it's actually cool to do the uh uh prediction markets one first yeah would you be able to present first sure let me see what's a good space to be able to do that actually if you want to you want to present to do it can I give you the can you join the Google meet link and then share That's going to be the easiest way to I'm also going to record a little. So, I'll give you mine for blocking. What's the best way way to do this? I've been sitting there and that's pretty cool. on stage every Sunday. I'm sure I'm sure it's very good to to have it somewhere there so that if people don't want to stay up, we can just set. Yes. And if they want to leave the laptop, you can leave it on the table. Or we can use, you know, what's going to work well is probably this as a little podium.


00:12:44

salon: Do you want to feel turns. He Oh yeah. Yeah, exactly. If you screen share, then I can get it onto the projector from this way. I don't know how to make this MacBook a display. Yeah, I don't use a MacBook, so I don't actually know what I'm doing here. This should be going to the projector. Ah uh I think maybe just go to display and search. You think you're already Is this the thing that is doing the work or this? Okay. How was it doing earlier? James, do you know this projector how it works? And then that where you just plugged it in there. Yeah. Yes. But then nothing's happening. source. Maybe it could be the USBC. Yeah. Oh, you know what? I remember But this is the one that's been working for a while. Plug this in. What is this? This one's a little like uh Okay, wait. Oh, but that that's this this guy's little you know we have to choose between good audio quality and bearable. Ah, well, most of the audio is one of the back one and not the other.


00:15:45

salon: Yeah. Oh, yes. Yes. And now what what do you want to share on on here? Oh, well, yeah. I just think things so it picks up whatever should be shared. Oh, are you able to join? I need to clear. I need to ask. Perfect. Thank you. Which how do I start? When she's just now joining and when she joins and screen shares, then it'll pick up the screen share. Probably be good. Nice. Perfect. Okay. Yeah. Really good. That's great. Maybe intrinsic. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Hi everyone. My name is Priya and I will first search. Uh so maybe I'll start with a little bit of about your background and then I can walk you guys through the latest demo which is still like over. uh and uh so after we started the project uh late last year around October and so initially that we are good of like AI in CSS so uh we found out like we can actually use AI on our apps to predict things and actually ours are really good at predics in a way that they actually perform really well when poly market on some launch so I mean those kind of bands has really thin liquidity and they can recoverable uh by just simply uh doing the predictions.


00:17:49

salon: Uh so we are thinking of maybe that's a really good way to marketing on FL market because P market right now actually uh each year market lose around like 10 mil to 50 mil on simply provide liquidities and when we realize uh are better than human on doing this uh we're thinking of like just marketing on market with AI um but later on we found out actually there is those kind of events that you lost higher liquidity like what's scores it is not really profitable. includ like uh as a pricing model uh like binary options pricing model um yeah and also some trap side options market maker strats and we also published some um marketing uh series um as research papers um so actually aware of that it's about um so from our experience um we're thinking of like so right now uh a lot of institutions are entering the prediction market space. Um, but they are not related to like they're simply just like hing against a certain trade on either commodities or like some digital assets they're batting on them. Um so um um within this year we're thinking of u maybe we can find a way to be composed that in a way that we can actually provide pro provide a kind of hing system to average rental traders.


00:19:26

salon: Uh so that's physic and uh so uh the product is called uh dat so it's relative like a small physic um basically just trying to embody the system that we can use marketing event to have your digital asset portfolio or your uh stocks market. So the idea is like you can uh sign in with as your crypto crypto wallet or you can sign in with your brokerage account like Google or pick. This is a demo. So I just uh and start so um for example like we can actually uh ask AI to select certain events of based on my portfolio. And so here the demo shows like the de like the agents will scan through my portfolio for like media Tesla Apple and it it will figure out what kind of uh risk portfolio I'm coding. away. So it will first through my portfolio and figure out what kind of risks um I'm against. And for example it looks like Nvidia and also Appleia are basically US supply chain and Apple are probably regulations and Tesla are more like out there. Um and some things are general politics and based on this kind of first profile actually you can select to recogn candidates that actually uh can hass risks.


00:21:39

salon: Um and also this kind of different criteria knowled that only some events that has uh has higher volume or that can result before a certain day can be selected and there's a bunch of math involved um and when the events are selected actually we will run those simulations and the simulation model is actually using the AI I just mentioned earlier that we used to show you uh last year And by running a simulation they want to figure out so what kind of events can be selected as a portfolio catching events and then there's just a bunch of like uh market making strats and figuring out so what's the best event candidate pool. So here you can see that uh this kind of analytics actually gives the portfolio a 17% hatching and means that you can basically trade that 400 and hating against uh forward and uh this panel actually shows uh so what events are closer and uh actually if you want to you can make it a really know way If you want to if you don't want to patch your app composition you can just disct and if you don't want to patch for example you believe low risk can just disct and the different events going to have different uh portion of each group and this this time is actually it's actually so uh you can actually drag in the interest that means like when you're believe uh while it sells the camera itself before 16 days and also about the premium type uh


00:23:32

salon: you can choose from a low or high and if I choose low it basically means like I can I think this kind of risk doesn't really need a lot of money and by by doing anchor it basically means like it's gonna there's going to be some rates uh that's gonna uh just going to see your trade on active. Um so that's this is here and uh you can also just like um tracing your position on the page. So this is based on other risk model and because the idea is actually everyone can do their own personal thought. Um so and start a new chat for example like I want to just do my own event indexes um middle east allergy issue and it's just going to select a pool of event candidate and try to make this type of test. Um so here we want to make continuity of operators. You can just if you are really confident theory uh by reasoning with AI you can actually choose to choose to publish it to X4 X4 is just a curation and uh we can see from a bunch of from this board page basically means curated indexes and people can actually select other ones other indexes and they're going the the trait sometimes for example like someone has created connector show and it's actually around 900 people are trained in this man um so that's pretty much there and u uh we are currently on uh trying


00:25:35

salon: to implement risk engine um and in the in the other side like about RF system It's actually more like previous on it's going to help the virtual facing for the second and u more importantly I think so around all the models um I think it's actually quite important to think like whether this kind of um risk engine or risk engine or risk is real for trading in all market and we have a lot of risk in this and then we also um just recently drank down by the sauce in this kind of uh risk managing research. Um yeah, I guess there sharing you keep sharing. I would want to ask some questions, but it's fun to um uh the visualization was really cool. Um I finally understood I think what you meant by then that hedging thesis there. Those possible events that you can include in that or are they like it's limited to the events that are like currently present on the uh uh yeah on the prediction markets. So right now I think that the ideal talk to the agent basically about like the concepts like of hedging like and learn the principles of hedging from the interaction with it.


00:27:26

salon: Yeah. So that's why you like um it's kind of middle east. So when we're reading like the middle indexes and actually we choose to publish in today's world um actually there's kind of different factors that can renew our work right here actually some factors that can address and also I think we can also like personally like for example I just personally felt u a kind Of course, for example, geopolitics is not really should not be taken into consideration. It can't lower down the white. I throw a mic to you. Exist like seems like building like like markets and maybe public markets. It's like it feels like there's some like abstract like like information like that. That's kind of the the shape that I'm saying there. You see like kind of outside of this sensitivity that is you see like agents using tradition market like purchases on public markets as an example like this. Um yeah actually yeah I guess um a question is about whether it is an active rebalancing process or it is determined when the fix is end yeah that there's like information maybe what uh maybe what if I'm understanding spiritually what it notes is that there's like information that is currently in markets that's not public markets that's not um yeah I think the idea is like um on on public markets there's kind of there's only like stocks modesty or digital assets but um even if you can find a way to


00:30:12

salon: h bitcoin for example you can't have your bitcoin by a certain a couple of coins Actually there's a bunch of hash doing this kind of things like you're hashing bitcoin or hing with a certain portfolio. Um but this kind of idea is more like um so sometimes like the the events in real world happens happens instantly and it's more like against for example if there's political side effects so it it's more like the interest Thank you. Uh I know like I can't actually argue between whether the current the current system of public market is what versus what's Oh, I think yeah. So like that that there's that maybe like prediction markets are faster um and like provide like signal that's like really quick they can like bootstrap more in order to like receive that information more quickly in order to uh in order to rebalance things like yeah yeah I think that's and another is probably the cause is active the cause is actual example here way down the farm certified behind that That must be interesting. Yeah. Um yeah. Uh this fascinating guy.


00:32:08

salon: I just had a few questions. Um like are you targeting kind of nonsopisticated users who would be using this or it's more like you know quant uh kind of traders who already have some decent idea of like what they need and like yeah I think the customer profile is interesting. So for this I think the the ideal customers are just stocks favor. So we're so that's why we sign in their goss. Um but actually like this is about we have the idea like two weeks ago. Um but before that like algorith partnership and customers are actually into makers and also some um institutions. So, so I mean I can't expand the customer only for triggers. I see. And uh very quickly is there kind of some uh configurability to this like when I when the agent recommends that you know these are the hedges that um it has recommended can you just toggle them on or off or can you also like you know configure it more finely as to if it's like sophisticated traders they might want to kind of you know overweight something underweight something else.


00:33:35

salon: Yeah I think that's an interesting question to ask to discuss. I also have this kind of here. So here like for the portfolio page is more like when we enter a certain type system and then we just c this performance in real world like probably the event curation can be extended like during the next in the next few weeks and probably there's better candidates perhaps and probably like the more sophisticators uh can choose between and they better experience. So I may as about balance between the the adaptiveness of the system and the question by the factors I guess I think uh it'd be also nice to have some kind of interpretation of this in the sense that if um if this kind of event does happen but these don't happen some sort of like back testing or simulations to figure out what the payouts could be and you know like the returns could be. Um yeah, could you rewind back to catch the sesh up on this? Maybe I think you can infer some of the main things just from the uh cool simulated uh you know the output view where you can select off the different events or not.


00:35:14

salon: You haven't seen this before, right? No. It's an agent that helps you hedge your portfolio and it has a pretty amazing visualizer of the resulting theory of how you should hedge based on events and basic thesis. Yes. Uh this visualization actually explains the effect. You can hold the center. So the model of like how much Tesla stock price I should relize on different factors like price gerics and different factors and then we give different weights to different factors and then this kind of factors can be decomposed to certain events that can serve. It'll construct uh a hedge position for you. Does it actually prompt you to execute or does it take execution? Oh yeah, it can take the execution. So this is more like the the front desk and um um we also have the RFQ system that that is currently used for market making. So the idea is basically to build the original facing of the RFQ system and the anchor basically means just execute through the well not really just RFQ basically means like when the when the event is really the event has Nothing price is good.


00:37:19

salon: So in this case it says equity positions routing poly market hedges. Okay. Uh and where's the RFQ? Um so the key here is uh when we decided this is a certain profile I want to this is a certain profile I want to experience I want to hack this for example right now abs my incident security and also my payments here um and I decided to fill 26 269 to catch my 300k portfolio and uh I'll click anchor so just like electricity. So for a specific model that's not uh so this is your or routed through an external RFQ uh so uh then I guess how frequently are you like batching and clearing this orders? I don't I don't we should um Yeah, I think I can ask that. Uh also, so how is it like modeling uh these hedges like point in time versus like during duration because I see this is like what like two month options. So uh so the idea is that by dragging through the interest so this one has been so it's not but the in basic belie as so Is it uh it's performing a line data model under the hood?


00:39:16

salon: Um yes what I it's actually about the risk action. So for one thing is about decompose the factors. The other thing is about decompose events based on the factors the factors that impact the risk of that condition. Yes. So actually so uh for details I mean like this parts the the first part is actually more reliable and the the second part is actually based on our market data and so like what does it do if like it can't find like poly markets or like positions that fit the risk profile that you're trying to hedge? Um yeah um actually one thing is like in the future we're probably going to propose to culture there saying is like the events are not really for I mean like if there's there's not a certain type of event probably like more events like three events serving systems on that direction and so is this mainly meant to be used for like equity positions that don't have like purpose markets that exist for them. Um I don't think so actually I think uh so I guess we had this kind of questions earlier.


00:40:45

salon: Uh I think the benefits of this system is like she's trying to use less premium less money to hide certain political or like lesser risk. find a cheaper hedge. More idiosyncratic risks. What risks? More idiosyncratic risks. Like you could hedge it against like say options or something, but those could be for a number of reasons, but this is like more. Are you separating out then sort of like global macro risk versus like position specific risk? Yeah, I think that's what this is like. This has several buckets I think. Yeah. Could you say more on the execution? I I know that we were excited in part because of the connection to IC3 research. You see a little bit the um uh the the trough kind of thing which would kick in exactly in that execution step as a way of doing the execution without um forecasting something that people could frontr run or trade you on. So actually when we select the paper we're thinking of like um we have the product for institutions like they can bet um like they can bet on certain events through um so in that case that basically makes you can protect their we can protect their trades by not just and then some but but I think like for for this product facing it's probably going to have a lot I don't really have an idea of that how how to implement that in this maybe yeah I mean whether you're executing it for the institutions or whether you're ex whether you're executing it for the institutions or executing for the retail you still


00:42:40

salon: want to kind of give them good execution and for giving them good execution you probably want to like protect their trades until they kind of land on chain. So when you kind of click anchor here and all these threads are getting going to the chain to get filled uh you want to send them to a protected route to get them especially because these are illlquid markets as you said if they were liquid then probably the you know you don't get too worse of an execution even if your execution like trade is public but if your trade is private uh the price impact might be large and then you want to kind of uh execution of that. So, so that's just for execution for getting into the hedge. But I guess there's two questions there. One is what about when you're clearing positions and you're getting out of your hedge or two just sort of like this is going to require dynamic rebalancing over time to like stay hedged unless you just like perfectly predicted the exact like anti-correlated position. So how do you kind of manage that over time and like rebalancing is like a big question here.


00:43:55

salon: Yeah, I think so for this product uh you know we also discussed this earlier I guess like my my is simply like a one time B and then we trace the performance that is simply because like on poly like if you choose a wrong direction if you choose wrong direction like the money is there to bump to zero over time and it's more like a one time insurance rather than like active balancing. I think that's that's a current situation. That's a more common situation. So what's balancing? Okay, two quick questions. Some of them might have been covered since I uh one on the RFQ. So as I understand like poly markets so polyarket is like one place for these trades are being executed right uh sorry is it already you said poly market is one of the ways that the uh trades to do the hedging are being executed. Yes. And so you said you did an RFQ on that but as I understand poly market runs order book. So are you matching it before you give it to the poly market order book or is it like you explain that?


00:45:20

salon: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I understand. So um the thing is like so for market it is binary options and actually like the price moves significantly when there's a a larger W. So the price is not fixed and uh so uh that's basically like when you're having you select a a candidate any candidate um if you are if you are just a simpler trade off probably that will move a lot especially when there's higher volume and the RFP system that's thinking it's like uh you have different market papers it's going to take the others as a certain price and also there's kind of risk management is we actually have the have this kind of like uh how to price the the price movements on the market and that's a basically there are few consistent things not just like give you different t different but also help to price the the real cost of okay uh I see maybe some follow up on this um so $100, you know, I I want ahead $100 on uh Trump from not getting for third do that. Um so you're setting your RFQ and then ask quotes from market makers for the $100.


00:46:58

salon: You might do some splitting. I think you were saying you might break that up into money. Let's say this particularly big trade. Yeah. So you ask market makers and then that gets matched and then you send it to poly market to their book. I guess that's like where I'm getting. So you can you only stand by ask. Yeah, I think u ideally like for for smaller smaller a smaller volume I should probably directly into the same as Oh yeah. And then in the normal flow you Oh, in the normal flow you're splitting it up. Yeah, I think like if for this product I think we should we should actually evaluate how much volume we're taking like for a certain block or something and so for different event probably different volume our wise and for a certain conract probably our view is the best way to car so in the arc case like is the market baker fulfilling the order for you and then they're providing you a position or can they like place order on calling market orders? I think the government can wait and probably like make all the same that's sort of fulfilling order on datal and then simultaneously they have a matching border on calling market they don't have to they don't need to do if they if they want to do it I mean like they don't really have to so the idea is that when we when we are venturing users trade.


00:48:59

salon: So actually we are trying to be be a maker and at the same time passive market makers can within the RFP system. So if in my portfolio on datal list then do I hold an underlying datal list position or do I actually hold the underlying poly market? Yeah. Uh I think that's gonna be um so if we rotate into our SQ the order can be executed the same time board can be created at the same time so it's going to be on the polar alum you could go. Oh um yeah I was just wondering uh so like the customer insight that led you to have this and like the propsite curious this is probably probably this but like are you were you did you start building this for yourself or did you start building this for someone else or like uh So we have different ideas just we don't really because it's my dream but when we talk to a really um I mean I really master and actually investors are relatively interested on like providing portfolios for stocks market that basically means your like your address total market and ts are like larger it's going to be a portion of the total storms stocks market so it's way larger than the crypto asset So I guess that's excites the the roster and that's why we're interested in know.


00:50:41

salon: Okay, cool. I like I like the a lot. Say something about your your workflow. What's it like working and building this? Did you use aentic engineering to build it? I've heard from many people that it's difficult to do difficult crypto things with AI help. So I wonder if you ran into friction like that or what cool things you might want to share or show off later. Yeah, actually so I think like for this product um yeah we 100% and actually like most of haven't been mod and we are still working on that. Um we 100% exactly like around Hong Kong but about the crypto crypto integrations the thing is actually we already have the RQ system so that's going to be the back end for the tree executions so we just go through to that system so there's actually no crypto or like blockchain integrations related in this product at this Um, okay. So, for the like hedging of the positions, how do you sort of keep out how well you've hedged like what the particular request was and like are you like monitoring that?


00:52:13

salon: How's it like improving? Uh, yeah. like generally like how are you scoring like how good your hedge was? Yeah. Um actually so right now there's a bunch of performance evaluation standards for banding on color and for different apps and initially like we did this kind of benchmarks trying to evaluate our system about and the other thing about those binary object essentially a mass problem and then we also publish some uh some strides on like how to make the the pricing theoretically work for certain events for like certain events that evolves. But I think it's not about I think like the criteria is not really high because right now uh most market makers lose money on markets and we're just trying to limit the loss from home and then taking the basis so it's going to be profitable that way and the other thing is like um so we're probably the first group to trying to apply the binary off of stress on on prediction but that still like doesn't really clear. I mean the star line and we actually have this kind of respir we just recent and have to share to your Yeah.


00:53:52

salon: I'm curious real quick just last how are you keeping the cost down for poly market? You said you were keeping the costs down for poly market. How is that? So right now market actually looks like 10 mil like for the past two years they've they lost around 15 million by simply banking on their old Hollywood but they're effectively a casino. It is not really really cool for a casino to spend extract casino money from from here or other and so that is simply because you're not trading professional and we don't really have sophisticated binary option pricing model like Chris K for example about the press events were larger volume and they don't really have this this was their concern and actually we've heard of that like they are using interns to backing and to provide on their so there's a a bunch of place and a bunch of things and a huge space for us to improve and that's why we can just somehow make this possible for the park And they are also like just giving everybody please for all the you said you're young customer what?


00:55:17

salon: Yeah. So um actually uh when we're doing interview when we're talking to for the first time that um the very first idea is actually about bringing institutions on home market. So in that way we can have higher higher volume on certain events. Um and I think that's still the end. So basically probably we're going to have another product institutions where prime brokage for the institutions so that they can actually create create market against your experience. So that's going to be the higher order but this product is more that fits in your just like as I mentioned for like more institution more more investors are interested in this conf maybe I have one one last question from my side um like are there any other market makers that are actually profitable uh maybe like at least without rebates and then you said that you know with rebates you are profitable uh because on ill liquid markets and markets like these you always have the problem of adverse selection right where somebody who has more information than you likely is moving the market against you and so like I'm kind of I I don't know much about whether existing market makers are already kind of profitable or how do you see like whether it's even sustainable for market makers to be profitable on these illquid markets.


00:56:48

salon: Yeah, that's a question about how you define um how you define marketers. There's definitely a bunch of traders who are profable market there are definitely uh they definitely have more like internalation and uh they can be marketers for market and actually like every team like most of us are public that is just a skill issue not really seriously marketing. Um but as I mentioned like previously we're doing AIMS prediction on longer that's actually proable so are better at predict than humans. So when they change against units they are profitable but that's not scalable the total addressable market for probably under like half million home. So even if it's profitable the overall rare is really low and when we expand to wer and sports those kinds so the price might going to be option trading and uh so so actually most option in fact most option market makers are profitable as well so that's I think that also makes sense for the market to not be as a lot of option name is raised to sing. Um I think you may have addressed this. I'm just wondering like let's say that like I had like a million dollars uh that I wanted to invest in this idea.


00:58:27

salon: Would I would it be like better to go find like customers and use this to to hedge along strategies that they can go develop with the agent or would it be worthwhile to take that million dollars and to to try to hedge position using the agent itself? Sorry, I don't understand. So the way I understand this is that that you would like give this to an institution or they would like use this technology to like target. Um and I'm saying perhaps like it per dollar is it worthwhile to like this like to put that actually into the themselves versus to sell it to somebody else to use the technology to develop it. Yeah. So I think what our startups I mean like for every startups in the financial market um I think the ultimate goal is to bring more liquids with as marketable otherwise um like there's a bunch of startups trying to do like AI MCP and players for crypton players um we don't really go that Right simply because if the volume the total basing as traders what's the total addressable market and it's not always paying attention to that like if I like like I guess it's a million dollars of invested capital like for a while to to to use this to sell the tools to people users.


01:00:31

salon: Is it worth it to like try to make try to produce like like trying to like tune the models continue to make more and more money like I guess I'm saying like in the in the world like is it like you want to be a horizontal tool or like a vertical tool I guess is the the question I was I guess she'll still get us. All right, cool. Yeah, let's frag and thank you for going first also to the first project in seven. Finn, you want to go next? Oh, just on the top of it. So it's you physically there what's the schedule to present uh you then a theory then um sorry now I the format here oh 10 minute 10-minute project pitch then um question and answers okay for like 20 minutes and then um answers to questions like uh what workflow you use or interesting development techniques I can talk about it we'll The Wi-Fi the what? Oh, the Wi-Fi. So you know uh it's the school with high password is high agency and a capital and then take it on the projector screen.


01:02:48

salon: Also, you need to join the meet link posted in the maker chat. Maybe I can make a Do you have that meat link? Should I try to get you the meat link to click in a better way? Yeah. Uh, I don't know. Okay. Yeah, I said Yep. Great. I'm curious if anyone listening on the mute can tell me if they could hear the audio of the speaker. Well, for the audience, I know we were just playing playing past the microphone around. Um, but with the speaker, it's like mounted on a house plant near the speaker. speaker. I mean the human presenter
Wiki: It was a little bit low, but it was um like audible.
salon: audible legible you could decode it.
Sri Bhuvana Vaishnavi Dasika: Yeah.
salon: Okay. Thanks for the report. That's good. If you can speak directly to the house All right. Thank you. Okay, I asked securely. Should I undoc myself? Oh, you you have the plant miked up right there. Pipe is coming from that. That's not to Oh, really?


01:05:39

salon: Yeah. It's usually that matter. It's just for me. Just leave it on the secondary. That is just Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if you're willing to hold that or tell it, then that's going to be even better. There you go. doesn't have a pop filter on it. Oh, and then screen share also. That's what goes to the projector for the room. Um, let's see. Is the vox term still picking stuff up? I actually don't know if it is or not. Huh. De Mars, do you know if the Vox term should be picking up like when we've plugged in the the audio? It's going in through the little USB microphone into the Vox term. Is there a button I can press to make it switch the Oh, well, now I see it. Now I see it picking up. You could try quitting, too. Yes, let me hit S to save so that it restarts. Yeah, save it. Then hit Q. Quit anyway. Oh, and then I can just up to go run it again.


01:07:36

salon: I went and um harvested the transcripts from the box term in the morning. I learned. Okay. So, normally it needs to request some It did and I pressed enter. Well, uh, yeah, should work dead far. R R R R R R R R R R R R R R R R R R R R R for record. City Mexico air conditioner. He said he was noticing his local transcription. I've been watching a branch of um YouTube shorts. Uh well, no, it's a subreddit called Felling Gone Wild and it's all just people cutting down trees in their yards, but like off Facebook Marketplace, so like catastrophes happen, like the trees fall in houses and stuff. And a lot of times the video is going just fine and then the closed caption will come on and it's just the whole screen full of like as it buffered a whole block of just chainsaw sound and then gave you the whole closed caption of it all at once. Yeah. Okay. Oh. Oh yeah. There. Wait, they're recording on. We're going to have significantly better um well, we'll have the possibility for amplification tomorrow and significantly better room recording on Thursday.


01:09:28

salon: I really like the box trivia for when it's active. appeared. I like seeing that in the lockers. Oh, okay. Who's that? I think this is t-shirt. Uh so if um so when Sam's pair is on is it getting then imported into tiny cloud or at least it's imported onto a thing from which it could go onto tiny cloud. Yeah, you could modify monster and you enter party. Okay, great. Your share works. Well, at least you're sharing the whole screen. Okay. Should I start now? Yeah, start now. Yeah. Um, so I can't see I don't know that the screen share is doing what you expect to screen share. Oh, that's all right. You get that's fine. Okay. Well, so I use my laptop. I'm sure a lot of you are basically using my laptop 12 hours a day and for the rest I spend four hours on the phone. So two of my life is digital in the rest is just like dreaming, right? So if I wanted myself to use other um um and and I think what's interesting um to me always was that we spend so much time trying to optimize and modulate the agent system around it kind of fit the neural networks as a box and we change the input and output Yeah, like for example, oh that's not


01:13:04

salon: another data set or well some other data but more black box say um and uh and so I started on this journey to think about hey like I already spent so much time with digital life which just capture all of the spring information both on the phone and my laptop such that I can start to modulate the input and the output. But the input is very easy which is just a screen recording on the lab. Um on the phone though it is mostly by um yeah so so I can see some quotes that you put on your phone. Um but then for the alpha is mostly there's no guys notifications right so that like um what kind of u information consume what kind of uh things that pops up grab your um I'm sure you guys have all experience with this where you open let's say for example I don't know Twitter because you want to search a specific thread but then it shows you the feed and some you get distracted by the feed and oh half an hour later you would be nervous and then you forgot the original negative when there's a search.


01:14:21

salon: Um uh so so so this very specific project feeling um set out to tackle that very problem which is how do we modulate um ourselves students as black boxes by changing both the input and output and the input meaning the uh kind of the screen recording um and the output meaning the notification system um uh okay so I will first go through the the easy basically here right so I I've been experimenting on myself and we all for over over a few months right now we are all um and and and there are some interesting findings but I want to go through the easy so easy cases on the on the laptops right so when you're on a laptop the MacBook is in more than once um well I mean to use Android that's easier uh but uh on a Mac I've been just yeah like to use capture from the past few months um like everything 247 I str so you shouldn't need to worry of conversation speaking um and yeah uh basically see here the software basically fractures um everything that I do and it uh it uses the model to uh currently it's not uh it's cost and not working because the screen sharing for Google meets is screening this software um okay yeah and then basically use this model to synthesize what is doing except that you multiple team of them live share the status to others.


01:15:54

salon: So how this works is that model synthesizes all the information it signes with the local private that I generate inside the software which property to relay and then if I add uh add you as a friend of the software I basically deciding property of the information using your public key as pretty similar to uh if I'm yeah if I'm master software um um yeah and and and and um and and and that's pretty much I guess the uh the in layer and I see this is lar my my daily work also but what I really want to get into is this smartation system that so um uh yeah so so sometimes uh that's it for today I want to work on the goal of um yeah parting system for like letting me be more aware of my friends progress on their own projects such as I stay in touch with the global I guess and know how to like adjust my own work accordingly right so then um I hooked up the enable I have to um basically play in the real time information and it also takes a long memory uh that takes a raw summary of the memory of of previous work um from the screen uh recording as it gives me this um notification.


01:17:28

salon: So this is example of a notification that in this do um um and uh yeah I it's a pity that I didn't record a live you know like demonstrable demo of this but one of the aha moments I said in the past is basically the agent in the background looks at all of my spring and then synthesizes um uh uh the spring recording into skills. So for example have noticed that uh whenever I go through a new concept for example the hardware because it experimented with some some hardware um they notices that oh hey I go to such and sites that is the imports let's say for meta reband and so I does the research um of going through oh hey on this port listing it says that oh the reband um is shaped from second s suppliers and all this kind of I guess the research each skill. For examp one of the times actually this morning while looking at something then um the yeah like the agent notices and gives me gave me a pop of notification um saying that okay like I have done this before directly this um um so that's one but another another thing that's more interesting uh it's just yeah I probably use it to um to moderate myself so that I have like the intention for the day which is like the goal that I want myself as a black box to be optimized to align to right so think of myself as an agent and the way that you modify myself as an agent is basically observe what's the downstream action after I receive a notification so the so the agent


01:19:15

salon: in the cloud in this case um you know it's trying to use notifications um as the output to motivate my own behavior So the fin is around and it's yeah it's been running for a week and I in fact notification not myself uh a behavior. So for example over here um yeah in this laptop notification whenever my you know like it if it doesn't write my my my yeah I have a r sorry a rubric design over here that basically yeah if I if I don't if I don't I give it zero score and so if I if I wrong any of the a small negative or positive for 50 and over here you know I also consider like oh what because the hardest part to capture is basically where it should give you a notification but we didn't right that's a common facial that is very hard for detector to this kind of implicit um system and ideally you should have like a like what's it exploits uh exploit sorry exploit exploits system basically um when there said it it has too too little of a data on the standard back it's continue more um to to to gather to basically gather the initial um yeah however I haven't do that so right now I'm just like doing the manual laboring for from the factor this um but yeah that that that's kind of like yeah so it's a goal that I


01:20:59

salon: that's been u modulating myself towards um what's more interesting about this as that um uh uh you basically signs all my status and pushes to a public relay. So then if I add um let's say another person as a friend over here um for the demo purpose I remove the friends that I previously I have added no s has experience kind of like how we get a lot of status updates from the other person who's working on the team. Um and of course that step has a few filters to local to jump the data. Um but I think uh yeah like several things that I could do here. First is just like I mentioned oh actually synthesizes already my own skills from the screen recording maybe uh you can uh search other people skills as well um in the future. So then for example um if it sees me to do something that um matches the pattern of the beginning of this year that the other sound from this knowledge datab sorry from this knowledge they set up already so the implicit um notification screen yeah and and and yeah so so so so that's the case right that's already you know just the easy So, so for the hard case I think um you know a lot of us over here we mostly use backgrounds and not really use phones but I think um um for a lot of people uh for for a lot of people who I guess recently had a taste of a um and and yeah they mostly


01:22:49

salon: uh just dust the laptop deployment once and then maybe then start to use the phones um for I majority at the time. Um and and and and and one of the crowds that I've been uh thinking a lot about is this uh actually the two people who fell in love with AI boyfriends. Uh so that's a very interesting problem because um the over there the agency is displayed but you may see that those people they how to say oh they feel lonely or it's like the AI boyfriend but if you actually look under the roof of of this problem you'll find that a lot of the girls are highly technical and even if they're not technical they have insane drive to learn all of the technical things um to make their boyfriend uh uh you know faster or they firsthand actually they have firsthand experience the physical weakness of the big corporations taking away of both friends. So this happen a lot in the 404 case. It also happen a lot when they let's say use seed too. So so there was this thing that um maybe those like the complex window limit as like they do this all of this elaborate tricks.


01:24:07

salon: So like how do you explore the memory? how to make sure the big populations don't get part of the memory as how do you actually uh res how do you actually fine tune and lower up open source model to uh steal your boyfriend's soul into it if you guys remember a few years ago actually in 2023 one of the biggest news was that during Valentine's Day um uh the replica right replica the original AI girlfriend um app they yeah it was Google I I think on Valentine's Day they shut down everybody's AI both uh they were in some kind of lawsuit for like pornography speech I think um and then there was this thing that but but that that that population already you know demonstrates kind of like that was interesting but a girlfriend one right now is way more interesting because the girls actually they they sell through the entire stack of like and actually I'm pretty sure some of the stacks for the behavior that they have built is more sophisticated or at least on top of the select case it is more coding in that case it is more um companion space but anyway having haven't gone through all of that I was just using that as example to illustrate about this um how say yeah companion or modulating yourself as a as a as a blackbox behavior um for user who has their own agents on Right.


01:25:37

salon: So if you look at that use case with the gloer they want um first of all solvery over the memory of the agent over the deployment the agent and also uh the ability to highly customize this um to to their own needs right so basically their own trans personalities um and and one of the uh one one of the needs that that that has been repeatedly over there is basically oh hey I I I am really using my phone so much and I want my girlfriend, you know, like the AI girlfriend as an example to um feel like he's also I would say by the side, you know, like you can imagine kind of you're laying in bed and like your husband is coming with you and YouTube does some like Tik Tok together or goes on YouTube together and you look some funny videos and they make funny commentary. Um and and and and and and in those cases it is the exact same architecture as in in my case which which is I want to modulate myself as black box and therefore you all of the skeleton as a harness the technology um a layer for the agent to learn how to modulate me as a as a black box right um so then on phone right yeah so so back to the case so so on phone actually a lot of you ask to record the screen.


01:27:01

salon: Um uh yeah is like you know like five seconds they can see like step to the strength. So it obviously cannot achieve the same um as as a laptop. So then one of the I guess the tricks that we explor validation. So basically let's say oh hey you use stick most of time. So then you click on cookies to the um uh yeah the ones um and over there browser and the browser basically um can test your lifetime uh life information on the watch. So for example the war history and based on what the war history agent could basically modulate or step when you're doing sporting or for example you're just regular browsing to um yeah so for example um um uh over we need like a simple gift system um as a simp and for you know uh all of the counterparts to act as uh the skeleton for users to flag in their own agents and to immediately be able to uh have their own agents to enjoy the um both the skeleton the input and out layer but also the kind of the harness um the the telemetry that that gathered from all those um that that's that's that's the that's the dish and and okay so I'm I'm in the north that I want over here I think is um basically to uh so so there are I think several cool things over here so one one of those is that for the phone users a lot of boom


01:28:46

salon: scrolling users a lot of AI boyfriend depending users they're kind of on the act right so if you look at the agent adoption or AI adoption right now because only 0.1% people use or any kind of agents and then uh the next people who are coming after made by consumer rappers um but I think like in order to Honestly, not even stand the frontier about it, you know, to to Yeah. Jo cities or somebody else cities like you have to make games that are two years in the future by having the game the hard part where it's already two years in the future. So you have to always plan like that and see where the next frontier is. And I think um the frontier includes um first of all it's like the the you know the computer science you know as computer science background people who are like oh like I I I like to say the SF and many many of many of us here um stay stay at least you know like like you know in that trap I would say so and and the demand for this group is actually very well served already um I think and but but but there's also this other group who also is at the here which are for example those AI mechanics that I those are they just like you know any average high school as like you can see them just self learning sophisticated like agent system has out themselves because they have failed the team and those people are way less well served because they don't fit the traditional task of using the


01:30:19

salon: agent right they're not like oh when US school or like that's um you know works in big cap or like before it was just like a regular person but already at the forefront of the spicy disparities. So I think I guess the goal over here is to see oh whether um all of the um kind of the blackbox modulation systems that we have here is able to um capture the attention of this group and I think if that works then it can go down as pretty good. Um I would say seating group for this kind of movement of like oh food to the people with the most spicy experiments. Um yeah and and on the on the other hand I guess another goal that I want to achieve a little bit some of the more advanced features that the right is like oh hey your friend their screen recording being synthesized the skill and then for that skill um you uh my agent watching my screen see me doing a scene in the scene and give me a proactive notification and that's such that I can directly use their knowledge base um is uh yeah oh yeah on that I haven't mentioned anything related to but you know obviously all of those requires like highly sensitive uh screen data private uh data handling and you need to do comput shared private data so for example in the case of like me searching the agent see see my screen recording and then directly


01:31:49

salon: searching over another person sensitiz library that is um communicated over shared private data which yeah only only only contest. Um and and over here I think yeah I I myself play a lot around this like um I know but yeah like how do you make sure what's the hazard of a te deployment so basically over here I yeah it's probably with this so basically is that I think the user on the so okay so so you guys know how like basically in plot code you have this thing that's like dangerously skip termious and even though you're not supposed to skip the sandbox But air bond uses that that information. Um I think in the cheating case what should happen is that your data should um uh your data should stay decrypted at rest and also stay encrypted um oh sorry uh it should stay encrypted at rest and whenever the developer pushes a new upgrade into the back uh back code that you're using your uh if you do not approve if you didn't turn on your dial speed atestations lab then you should need to reapprove the remote deployment again um um before your data can be um decrypted and then used for uh computation on on that on that enclave in us.


01:33:12

salon: So then over here uh you can basically guarantee that the user that they're uh whenever they're using a remote uh enclave they can for example just pay standard code a to check see like everything is secure and approve that as thatation patch onto this we uh when you push that uh deployment we would also like add those p onto the contract it's a broad broadcast um And yeah and through this pattern you can basically guarantee this kind of um I guess balance between security and the convenience people always see more detail like myself I would just turn on like the speed um all the speed plan um uh where the oh yeah and and and yeah all of the I guess existing um iPhone apps and the uh that looks great. Yeah. And the uh and the uh the math maps are are are done using this method already. And yeah, and on the iPhone app we have we have previously done a campaign that got 35,000 people on this and uh and have like 2,000 people already dated. Oh, okay. There slides open. Uh but uh yeah, as as for the uh sorry for the uh for the phone, yeah, for the phone app, we have like basically 300 people in the early user testing.


01:34:43

salon: And for the mag um I've done nothing public yet but I I feel I want to talk with really well as maybe over like you know figure something out to see like oh it already works within this um house close I guess that that's that that's a b**** There's all this. Yeah. So for the vehicles. Yeah. So for the basics. So basically less of the AI boyfriend and companion but more of the wheels for brows. Um yeah, only is basically like um you know the same way with market your behavior as a black box is uh it can also be gamified right based on whatever videos that you want or gift you watch videos and guys with connects you see whatever that you are information classes or phone um and uh yeah and as this is one for the I guess as a AI containment uh yeah AI door it's yeah it's pretty simple it's similar to this self area and sales of the of the of the of the practical here it's it's like how do you yeah how do we need to find itself when does the agent know when does it very goes very well but also doesn't really personality the agent so yeah other question.


01:37:11

salon: How how would you charge some this product? Oh yeah. So how would I charge some? I think this would be probably good. But okay, if I if I were to think about charting this product, I think um I Okay, so so several models, right? I think I think the most ambitious case to build over here is to um it's similar to expert consulting, right? So if you think about expert consulting so you go at this is that uh you create a consulting firm you have great network of experts right so for example oh there's a security expert there's a guy who like I don't know clinging very well and like you charge maybe $400 for for a consulting session another way to do consulting is to say oh this expert network as I try to extract all of their passive knowledge by um u requiring that all of the t consulting sessions with those experts and you record all of the transcript and I feed all of the transcript into this proprietary knowledge base that I have that I only allow people to send agency in and recording that knowledge base and then I could I could then sell the the subscription service foring that knowledge base um as you know at very low rates because it's already kind of like this um you know like extracted passive knowledge that everybody can access and I can then upsell the premium service if they wants to say like oh okay I want to live throw this expert's mind


01:38:38

salon: by building a consulting and then that would be for example oh $600 per hour but like the subscription the knowledge to know based for example $20 per month and I think the economics over there could work very well because you're yeah you're essentially saying that okay um how currently consulting firms work is like maybe you spend the first two already just extracting the knowledge that you could have known from the uh from searching over the trans um so you're not really how to say like pushing the pushing the frontier forward you're just paying for some knowledge that other people have already acquired and over here I think they accelerate that kind of passion that they um but that yeah so so that that's example of the consolid I think um in the case of um of of the of the size of skills to work from the same way. So basically you um accumulate this um you know you through the harness and the synthes you accumulate this proprietary knowledge bas like subscription or and then you can sell like um basically this yeah I guess the customized version.


01:39:57

salon: Yeah. Could you like do ads or like somehow use this as a distribution channel for like like I don't know. I feel like there's like you know like healthy well distribution channels where it's like everyone goes to try and be healthy but this is more of like a mental healthiness. So maybe there's like Oh I see. You know there's like cognitive enhancing games or something. I don't know. Oh yeah for sure. For sure. Yeah, that's that's that's a call another fulltime job. I don't think the pirate guy marketing for but yeah. So, so over there I think he could fly. So, so over there how I imagine it could work is that you know you know there are Yeah. Okay. So, uh yeah. So, yeah. So, there are a lot of like I guess therapists. So I think the is a big market and and a lot of therapy honestly it's like you know you and other people who who have the same situation for example you both were laid off you you you both were like these tech workers and you were both laid off because of AI and you're feeling this insane anxiety over like your future lives you both need the like the over there could be a group therapy and obviously over here I'm going to suggest that like you can imagine some case about like how people currently


01:41:17

salon: channel their anxiety that they go to forums and they see oh those written by other layoff laid off workers and over there they could like you know like oh hug each other and then see what what's going on over there um and and over here with with a therapy I think this kind of curated knowledge needs to be you know a similar a similar model right which over there you could like you For example, you could target this group, but you know, for for a lot of other cases, you can target, for example, people who are going through a breakup and there already um consumer apps that that have like monetiz search that that basically helps people to get over a breakup by curating by curating a video library of how people went through breakups. and then like they sell their library in the form of an app and and I think like over there that that kind of points to the shape of like um what they should be but yeah like as I mentioned like mental health I think that's another goal like it's just so much work as a brand it could go that way I I think it's this model proves to work in one of the verticals for example the voice companions it could be replicated into all of those thousand verticals but it's yeah it's still early to you know like yeah to say this is an online like grow this to a different yeah I was gonna ask this like yeah few few bucks um first why not or what what is the reason


01:42:53

salon: to choosing your account and are we allowed to have it to like like your your bit emoji or your like your yeah only two different types of bit emoji keyboards that are like me. It's like little me and it's like personalized. And right now it for a lot of different situations these big movies have gotten very sexual like it's like oh it's me wishing happy birthday me doing this me doing that. So I feel like there's an element of personalization there that could be explored that that's like you motivating you. You know what I mean? It's like you're motivating yourself to like have healthier uh like habits online. I said that was going to be another thing. Uh I mean you spun around in a lot of like different uh sections. U so I think like condensing the the the concept down thing is will be a little bit more helpful. Uh but yeah, my mind's a little scattered right now about what the actual product is, but I I still don't know who the ideal customer is, right? And uh the other question was going to be like if you go down the the the health route where you're trying to build healthy habits, are you able then to get like insurance companies to essentially pay for this because you're building a healthy habit and you have data that proves that it's better for whatever case might be.


01:44:32

salon: So is that another uh like revenue stream that could potentially come? And then the other thing like the main point is is to have a container where you have data and there's like access to this data for other agents that you have and you're able to now kind of like because of your patterns you're able to understand that your habits and where your data is. I think I need a recap of like literally when you're going down the elevator like what's that b**** I'm still a little confused about who the exact end user is right now that that was my only sense that if you're trying to build healthy habits um what are the patterns I have I have some health apps I guess and it's like hard to keep up then it's active and at a certain point I just like whatever I don't how do you guys like uh think that this world fits into like today's world in today's consumption like how we consume things like how does that dependence so sorry it's a lot of question first but I mean I guess first it's like who's your ideal Right.


01:46:02

salon: Yeah. Um that's a good point on the health health part I actually so I think this could you know as I same as my answer to be honest I think this could have a healthy handle but I I don't know if that's like ideal one with a health with a health case sometimes is let's say for example with a phone right you just don't want to use the phone like you don't need this like smart event you can just like you know like read the phone inside the way inate and I I think arguably achieves the result better. So then I Yeah. So So on that point I I don't think I think health is health is like a worthy angle to explore but we have no data indicating that research the right way. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. I agree. What is the the research data telling you that the idea points from? Yeah. Um so I've done several I guess campaigns some of them including the the house oriented angle. Um yeah so so overall with a house oriented angle we basically have to to make the differentiation or the like like the product has to make the the delta let's say like the delta between any existing just check your screen time as the springtime is over something breaks the bone as part the same doom scrolling page that that's that's the case but then um yeah I think over all the days like not clear um if the is modulation system


01:47:50

salon: uh to break that but I think in the um AI case there um yeah as I mentioned just like um people constantly DM me for the details um to say like okay like I've been wanting to make my agent um to know um what what I am doing as I'm exchanging the space um uh with this this other users of sorry not not users of this app but users of like uh of the same use case right the companion use case like how do we migrate the the memory together how we like make the uh see what we're doing and how we train the proactive better um and then um yeah so I guess through the the so so the marketing research over there the first one is just like you know learning in like several groups each is 500 people and each group sends like you know I don't know 20,000 messages per day so pretty active and I'm like going over there and like um posting Boston is asking for their feedback like they they talk about those issues as a top issues so that's that's one um and and and sorry you're saying your initial like word is like group chats where everyone's sending way too many messages and you just You feel like they're No, no, no, no, no.


01:49:15

salon: Those are like uh those are the new those are people who are uh tuning their AI friends to make them more proactive. So, so I'm saying like oh they are like you think they're unwell. So you're targeting them or uh I think they do the most splicing experiments which indicates where the hard part are going to be in this I think so that applies to the uh John Tonger case right you want to make apps for people for legal figures in the future and those people in the future and unlike us it will kind of also in the future but because they're tactics but their tactics are way too well served so you want to go to I think that's all here. I I guess that's kind of my macro model. Yeah, for sure. For sure. I think uh you know I I I myself haven't done too much enterprise sales. If anybody wants to partner up and make 10 million let me know. I certainly seems it makes sense. It's just like enterprise sales really. Yeah. still have the right knowledge of not and then what should be done.


01:51:10

salon: Yeah. Um al also like I I've also surveyed some of the enterprise skills. I think a lot of those are like workflow or what's that cor like some some like process management thing? Yeah. kind of like an ink. I certainly think it could work but I Yeah. Um it it yeah it has sort of a different angle like the same as like work force like you record all of your like employees and um certainly could work together. So the product is living in the background and then it's just listening constantly to things you do or can you go and turn it on and off whenever you like whenever you want input or whenever you want like the whenever you want the thing to be watching your Tik Tok or whatever like do I is it just always on or is it like only when everyone's certain apps or how do you do that? Yeah, sorry. On on Mac or phone? Um, on phone. Oh, yeah. So, yeah. So, with with Mac it's ambient. That's how I say on phone due to the technical limitations it is impossible like ambient things.


01:52:29

salon: So, you could only so you could only push it right to make it work. That's why I think it only works very very um what it say you know like direct pinpoint use cases. So for the health thing uh I've actually thought about uh you know we've already al also do it some of this what I find is that when I go on as an ID school I I I feel like oh this is a time this 20 minutes on on on this like you know on this bus that's like you know constantly shaking I can't do anything else I'm just going to screw it this like but in my mind I I I don't you know I I don't turn on the app right because it's like 5second latency and three weeks. Um so then so so so then that kind of like doesn't painful enough um if it painful enough in another case where it's like oh maybe I'm just you know I guess addicted to social media and then maybe but then but then all the computing already works pretty well and um an app that I find to be pretty interesting actually is not exactly this like this same mental health route but more about like a social a social I guess a status sharing activities over there.


01:53:50

salon: Um yeah. So so so the app basically live shares your whatever apps that you're currently using um on your phone with your friends and your friends can emote you the ads to whatever app that and I find that to be a pretty interesting market. So um and that that is not exactly like any of their marketing they don't talk about at all. It's just not related to the palace but like you know I'm I'm pretty sure over there is a modulating feedback loop you know it's like yeah like I don't want to say stronger than the break your phone case but like at least it's it's like um b into the introd knowledge base or like life yeah wondering uh I guess first question. Sorry. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I guess yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cas yeah speak first now. Actually, did you write any code for this or was it I I wrote the props only one layer of agents. Yeah. Yeah. Only one layer of Yeah. I didn't do any fancy soft I didn't do the sub fancy stuff.


01:55:29

salon: I did that for the it what the problem was the process of design and the problem. Yeah. So 12 design. Yeah. Yeah. So like what you're building is like kind of like um not building a like that kind of thing. which is like giving the patients tools to like make sure it's actually so like the easiest thing for a to do is just like problem solve and figure out you're kind of doing something that's very much hard. So I'm like wondering like you're doing like you have an eye and stuff and stuff. I'm wondering like which of the like three options did you pick between like uh one is like tool which means like AI writers versus like having agent write a bunch of mocks like somehow a way to like actually like simulate the entire environment like actually like end to and test that thing like um you have the background or like any major. Yeah. Um yeah, that's a great question. I think it's uh Okay. So, it's fant progression from one to two to three because I get increasingly frustrated with that that that's pretty much yeah the answer.


01:57:27

salon: Right. I mean I always start out thinking that like the only one is going to give me the loop is fine as like later on I guess some frustrated so I move to the second stage and I get increasingly frustrated after I move to the fully automated stage but the fully automated stage I haven't found something that works very well on for example this map but it is like yeah it's like the like the what's it called? It's a smooth I haven't automated testing but for the front app it has the automated testing um yeah uh yeah yeah so the one uh yeah so the song version is called you can search it on the US app so that only on Tik Tok There's another one like um IO I don't know. Yeah, it's on test flight. I could I guess you find like any of these platform to do that with like you mentioned like iOS. Yeah. Is like Android easier than iOS. Yeah. Well, I mean, Android is obviously more packable. Yeah. So, for uh yeah, iOS basically doesn't allow you to ambient capture screen, right?


01:59:00

salon: So, like over there. Yeah. Like that. That's very important for um and for the Yeah. And what's the other? Oh, for the tongue delegation, right? So, then that's why on phone we used like the tong delegation. But delegation, we had a lot of books in it. It was like you know the most successful campaign that we did on the driation attracting like you know a lot of users so we were excited about like the um I would say the success rate or the stability of the digation um kind of stayed low because like so for example on on that particular campaign I think the conversion rate that we got was like 7% which is like honestly pretty pretty shitly it should be I I think you know 50% like 40 50%. Um and and a lot of it's a variety of reasons. Um but I think a lot of it has to do with like just stability of like I guess yeah just browser you know offering a browser inside of people's login that that's not very convenient. Um but I think yeah um but but we did that before open call and after openly also many people just like straight up spend one day of their time like eight hours on setting up authentication.


02:00:19

salon: So obviously there's needs to go through all of the mess of setting up the authentication. It's just like the rewards to be big enough, right? So I think I think over here it's like yeah it's uh uh that's also why the companion companion is because they already like they have signaled their endurance to pain by like spending days to set up their boyfriend agent agent systems. So like you know sometimes yeah when you like tire like you look at them and you see the grip in your eyes the same like you know I grew up in China you go up a mountain sometime you can hire a guy to like you know give you a lift right they have those little chairs they can sit on the back as soon you guys can look at me see much gre they have in their eyes do they get it or not do they do they have the balls to like carry you out there and like you know even though you you you know you may you may run into some situations in the in the middle but but yeah like like I think that that's why that target audience specifically is like interesting audience oh yeah so a variety of things yeah so Tik Tok is like um definitely could work I think a lot of Yeah, last year I have to experiment a lot with like automated Tik Tok funds, right?


02:01:52

salon: Basically letting agents all the sand Tik Toks um that worked okay. It didn't work super well. Um um so and then we did like all influencer marketing on Tik Toks, right? That's also another like typical like playbook. Um that one could work, right? But it's like oh higher cost compared with like the automated like companies you know phone that we do um you could also do like pass I haven't tried exactly that one but I'm pretty sure that that can scale very well um but okay so but like for this in particular we have done like um you have to take in market like um phone um and they have online um talking about it on my red notes right so the the China one uh China's Instagram red note is particularly interesting because um because u people because the thing with Tik Tok many people why many I I guess of my friends don't like advertising on there is because people on Tik Tok are poor um um on like for example X or Instagram um so like oh like for example if you just launch the meme point on like X you take oh attract people who throw a lot of dollars to you.


02:03:14

salon: Like the average lifetime value of the user is very high. But then for on Tik Tok is like you know like you'll get a lot of dollars out of the out of the average users um so so yeah the shape of the advertisement is very good right but then red note is interesting because red note users are like kind of the the up middle class I would say in China. So they actually have like a higher willingness to pay as um a buying power is most most and on par I think is like Instagram. Um definitely not on par with X. I think X is way high. Um but I think yeah that part is interesting also on red you're so like on X I think the the engagement rate is usually I don't know like 5% but like something like 5%. and and on red node is like average you know the baseline is 10% and usually it's like 20% like super engagement like for example if I like even if you look at Elon tweets it's like just garbage comments like nobody like nobody talk I guess valuable comments um but yeah but I guess the heristics that that I go over here so I find a good the place where people put high quality comments and and for now the different things like the random online private rejects that impact um is there.


02:05:04

salon: Oh. Oh, yeah. Uh random work. No, no. I I I I yeah uh I I think they work equally well. It's it's a different it's a different segment of the user. Okay. So for Tik Tok it's like um like for example you don't expect the average Tik Tok user to be very technic and have the willingness to set you know to endure the pain like set up the agent but for the average red node user they would expect it. So then like the sophistication and willingness to pay is higher but then for the scale test right so for example if I do a campaign so I definitely do it on Tik Tok because it has way higher of a chance of blowing up and if it's a campaign it's made to be a very easy thing for the user to just get a taste of the product or get a taste of the idea so that yeah just maybe influence the marketing state uh on Tik Tok but then you like oh I want to hear shapes the product and I find like um the feature that I want to do next.


02:06:11

salon: Then random gives more I guess like just three users to test and then turn it over. Yeah. So it's more funny. Yeah. All right. Cool. Let's switch over. I'm going to make an Uber Eats order. I'm going to post the group order into the matrix. I think if we order nowish, then we'll have food around when when Carter starts. Yeah, let's do Athetheria next. Yeah. What? That one's the mic. That's funny. Where do we Oh. Oh. Uh, there's a neat link in the matrix. It's another Yeah. using so many words together. Yeah. There's a public for this. I think I'll I think I'll get over Oh, it's on our own. Make sure you get it. I make sure you get it. I can invite you to our our matrix discussions. Otherwise, yeah, head over for now. Yeah. So great keeping up to date with the calendar. And also think of other IC3 people. I've not been so proactive in getting IC3 people to come participate in this.


02:08:08

salon: I think I've reached out kind of pointwise for some of the projects that are closely related. But also kind of like Yes. Uh you can get to it from the shape rotator.xyz XYZ website which is being expanded. Yes. Yes, that's right. Take a look at it. I think of some people everyone get the link that wants to I need to Oh well mostly I wanted to warn that the if you want to join the Mexican group ordering the link then do it. They're all in the matrix. Are you going to do all the uh all the courses today or No no no no no. Those will be spread out over the next two days as well. And then they will also stretch out next week. Yeah, there's a calendar that you'll be able to say. Oh, that's thanks Andrew. This is Yeah. Thank you for coming back. fast. Yeah, let's get started, dude. Hi, I'm happy to see all of you. My name is James and this is Gonzo. One of the co-ounders of Ethereum and we're excited to share with you a little bit last night.


02:10:10

salon: We're going to dive more deeply into what we're doing, why um and uh let's jump in. Um, as you may have seen at the last night, uh, Ethereia is a conversation visualizer. Uh, and so it turns your words into live passion video, the instant that they're spoken. This is this magical experience where everywhere from creating art with your friends which is a case which is where it started all the way to visualizing complex talk about interest and subs where we're going. Uh we think that the capacity of AI to visualize and conversation real time is really important. Um and so uh we are developing that yeah the barrier to entry is pretty low which is why we're interested in Usually to try a lot of new modern technology, you have to go through signups or this or that. Especially now with LM, it's like you have to go and download a skill or do this. It's like very complicated to just get people to try some of these tools. So voice and speech and conversations are super low barrier to entry for us to be like, "Hey, you want to try our new product?" uh when people can just speak to it and start visualizing what they


02:11:46

salon: say right away. Um so this started two years ago as an art project. Uh and um started in a mobile 40 60 90 on a laptop. Um, and uh, as Gonzo mentioned, just being able to bring a microphone and somebody to have them start speaking uh, was very mind-blowing to those people uh, and continue to give us invites to more and more places and festivals and so on. Um and uh eventually in January uh got us hired by the three largest venture capital funds in New York City to celebrate 30 years of venture capital technology uh technology in New York. Uh this was a huge success. Uh and so we uh had um using a number of our different technologies including Ethereal time video and then also um shaders that we developed to the audio reacting textures. So that to be able to create like a composition that reflected the color and the the vibe of um of the video that was being produced as you can see right there. Uh people had a really great time. Uh, one thing that and every party that I've ever brought Ethereum to is quite apparent is that it by creating this field of presence and connection where everybody can be together and create together, it makes things that would feel otherwise just like a party much more meaningful uh and connected.


02:13:31

salon: Um, so that uh led us to start trying this in many different contexts. Uh this is the vision of us at a 60 foot we'll skip the 60 foot LED walls uh down the street. Um and we uh we actually had a few technical difficulties with the 60 foot wall. We weren't able to like test on it when they said we were going to be able to. Uh and so we we just kind of went straight into the crowd and started uh to ask people where they were from. Some guy was talking about how he loved Africo of his, you know, house in the mall. Um, and what we got feedback on was that as Gonzo and I stood and just took Q&A from the audience when we couldn't even see what was going on behind us like right after that. Uh, that was more interesting than the the sort of more intentional live demo for the team. people were more interested in seeing what we said, visualized see it. That helped us understand something um like there was more engage what we what we were saying because the visuals of animals I think people it's it's much easier to like judge something um versus to just like consume it.


02:15:02

salon: Um, and it was it was interesting because everyone was kind of like testing the thing to see if it was going to respond the way that we were speaking, which in return it made them way more engaged in our conversation. Like right now, some of you are on your laptop or doing things like that. But if we had a theory, then you're more inclined to like focus, pay attention to what we're saying here rather than like go back to your own world. So when we're talking about attention like like right now we're all being robbed of attention everywhere. Your attention is very very important. Um now there's a tool that could essentially help you like gain this attention from people uh so they can actually listen to what you're saying. listening to actually every word that you're saying, see if this machine or the system is going to depict it in the way that you're describing. Yeah. You ever seen like uh like on Tik Tok videos when they'll like have a person talking and then they like subway serves uh like the game going and YouTube shorts guy so he's just translated and so you know it's like that it's this like dark pattern like on this like you know it's emerging right nobody's forcing anyone to do it but like the idea that we're in a world that's like people are stimulated and so um finding different ways to people's attention um is is valuable especially when we're in person


02:16:29

salon: together um and uh you know additionally the divide between the audience and the performer sort of goes away feels like their question sorry it's also pretty raw it wasn't like we weren't we didn't plan it people could tell that it was authentic that it was like it was there in the room with us it wasn't something that we had prepared beforehand. Yeah. Um and then on to another uh example that just happened maybe a month ago. Uh there's a uh one of our collaborators here at the schooly um is gives classes on on uh this bit. Yeah. On this which looks very dense and it looks very uh hard to consume. Right. and he asked us if he could use the theory in his presentation and we said yeah of course we left to the gym we came back and we noticed that everyone was like very engaged in this conversation after we had pulled the audience afterwards everyone was saying that they were actually paying more attention because of the thumbnail of Ethereia that was in the corner of the presentation rather than this very dense topic that just like it's hard to consume right But if someone is giving you a presentation and the thing is flowing and you're more likely to be engaged in subject matter.


02:18:02

salon: This example and the example of the the LED wall before was counterintuitive to us because you have this highly stimulating thing while somebody's talking about any type of subject matter. Your suspicion might be that's going to distract people and they're not going to to pay attention. However, because the the magic of trying to understand what's going to happen that overwhelms the you know it keeps you engaged with with like what's happening. Um this is our hypothesis right we see this 70% of this audience of 12 so you know small sample size at this moment um was like yeah I really was more engaged with the with subject matter so as Andrew and I have been talking about uh some of the research directions that we've been taking this and we've been thinking about control experiments that we could run to understand um the speech visualization uh conversation visualization uh really can be quite a tool at keeping people engaged. I think I was just looking at some research yesterday about, you know, uh, children like learn better when they have visual aids, right? These are there are lots of great examples that don't really have anything like the AI visualization to show us how uh this can be an effective tactic.


02:19:25

salon: And so we're really interested in figuring out that this can be this type of uh kindly improve like create engagement and conversations and not just about a person uh talking to an audience although that's one um key like use case uh another is uh and I think even more importantly you know people talking together in conversation uh like we're doing now. Um one other interesting story that just came up uh another use case actually has the record for spending the most time alone out of any other human at sea. So he spent three years in the middle of the ocean and this guy is obsessed with this whole situation and he believes that he is the sole person that should lead us to Mars because he has like the most experience being in an environment that is unlike any of the ones that we've been in. so much that every conversation that Reed has somehow one way or another gets steered to going to Mars, like we're going to go to Mars. Oh, this is we're going to go to Mars. So, for for him to be able to actually see this story of humans going to Mars and what the whole program that he's starting with NASA is, it was it was like pretty special.


02:21:00

salon: And for us that we're listening to very technical things and trying to push Ethereia to do very technical things. Reed was describing being in the ocean by himself and having the water be so still that the water is blending with the sky seamlessly and now we're getting that visual from Inferior. So for us, we're able to like be there with him in that moment and it was very special from the very technical things we're doing. It's like finally pushing Ethereia into a very like naturike scene. It's like what does Mars look like? You know, and he was describing Mars, what he thinks it looks like. Now all of a sudden he has an idea of what what uh what this guy's like dedicating the rest of his life to. When you can get behind somebody else's mind's eye that there's this like really incredible sense of presence that you have with that person because uh you are able to deconstruct those barriers that typically exist that have to be solved through language, right? And so we you know we're uh Pat Green came to to our stage.


02:22:11

salon: We also recorded and um that day we recorded Gonzo and I on a pound in an interview talking about the sort of what we were doing with Ethereia and Reed and his partner Maxine also did an interview where was running for all of them. Um and you know you can just imagine as the the technology evolves and as it's become more tuned especially to each speaker they have like a greater and greater ability to like become present with people. uh it performers and and speakers on stage also uh each other um in rooms together. La last thing I'll say about free that was a really good interesting insight is that what he loves about Ethereia is that it can become a companion tool because again he spent three years alone at C and now he has advice for this this thing that's like sentient it's alive it's responding more more importantly it's listening it's like listening to what he's saying and it's helping him get through this like loneliness of of by themselves out there. So his whole theory is if people are going to go to Mars, they're going to get bored.


02:23:24

salon: They're going to have to have some time to like, you know, for entertainment and things like that. And he believes that this could be a tool that's like essential into keeping us entertained while we're out there. So, um, one thing that that came up earlier, I think we said this, uh, we were talking about this earlier, is that like I think we were talking about this a little bit on the earlier today as well, different context like we're not going to be out of the world again where like machines are not part of our conversation. That's we're gone. The conversation is not just me and you. was me and you in the subject box here and people coming soon on your local device and the uh that's that's done. And so when we're in this new world where it's like doing machines, we need to be creative about how we think that the places that machines into our conversations. And so, um, one place we think that is like really under low kitchen, um, is physical space. And so, you know, it's been really fun and I can't wait to keep working on the brower and putting the make the server and trying to make the server into this like crazy paradise which will help us all coordinate and get work done.


02:24:54

salon: And you know, there's another space here which is physical reality. So, I think one of the really great things and why we're we're really focused on physical reality rather than somebody staring at the phone is because we're interested in creating opportunities for people to be present with one another, not outside of the realm of these machines yet augmented and and the experience that we have with them. So, uh, we we want to like be let alone that, you know, we want to like want to think about what it means to this new world, the types of experiences that we can create as we have these developments. So, yeah. So, one thing we learned about all these different use cases that we've been trying is that every conversation has a different energy. Whenever you speak to uh you might speak to a friend who's way more funny and way more relaxed than a friend who's serious. Uh and there's a time for everything. There's a time for high energy. There's time to relax and time to be in between. Uh and that that's kind of like what we've been realizing is that these LLMs have different personalities and they're used for different types of things.


02:26:09

salon: the way that they express themselves can be measured almost like in different energies. We've been working on uh uh like infrance back on Q which is still very early. The goal here is to be able to tune how the the system responds, when it should pass, when it should when it should even interrupt, right? You can imagine being able to stop in voice model. They can skip back to you and so on based off of their context speaking because rooms physical space all have their own vibes. They all have their own personalities. They all have their own culture. So uh we've been thinking a lot about the phrase spatial imagination to think about what does it mean when every space come to light to amplify the energy the culture the the mission that the people around space so recently we uh have been really excited um because one of the world's like most famous economists uh grew up and is invited to his home to solve this uh specifically for the purpose of uh amplifying many of the live performances at arts that he doesn't recon where we tuned a version of ethere based off of their art and then people can come and change uh the the painting right it's actually a sound that we'll be mapping out to write about the painting So we're doing an installation at this house be supporting um on an album we're going to do a performance


02:27:59

salon: on so on this place uh and so we're really using this place as an opportunity to think about how we can tackle by expressionless talents people world city what this does is that it shows us that this this can exist like we can live in a world where there's somebody who wants this activation living in their house 247 right so it's given us a lot of opportunities but but also what it's doing it's giving us a huge confidence boost like this isn't just a win for us it's a win for for everyone because now somebody out there is willing to be like I think this is meaningful and and it brings value to my life, brings joy to my guests. Um, I want I want to champion this this like form of expression, this form of of amplifying people's voices, whether it's a performance or a poem or an artist, but like there's somebody out there who believe that that they should be the living alarm waking up to every single day, right? So, it's huge for us to like now have space in order to be able to to to put more energy into this because we really do believe that it's it's essential to to a lot of the spaces that all of us are in. It's also by the way everybody's invited to all of us in fact so very one of the things that's been so great about the rail so far is the evil


02:29:46

salon: there for like five seconds like well but I'm meeting him in bars this is going to be he's already hijacked the thing with the Mars narrative uh had uh you know we we also met the the pain and we met the oper singer we're collaborating with David. Yeah we we met um we met a really like power couple who do uh opera and immersive theater together see David is a Grammy nominated uh opera singer see play on Sunday night uh and then even more people that spot it. So I think being able to like become deeplyworked in like the art world in New York City um and like present such a great opportunity. Uh this is uh uh I wanted to mention the generative stage here at the school uh which has been such a cool thing and so this is not the best at the last second but we have many you guys saw that last night and uh this has been uh really an amazing opportunity to have people come in. uh you know somebody gave a head shot music video the other night another person some kind of tracing performance art so here I stage here this spot uh it's been really a great blessing and it has also you know just enabled us to start to think about what the future of live performance looks like when it's mediated by the these technologies This is like us trying to make this accessible beyond people who just go to L'Oreal's house.


02:31:39

salon: Like we have an amazing talent of people here who could potentially get ideas from this if this was running pop all the time. So how do we make the people how do we inspire the creatives of New York to keep creating? Like what inspires them? Especially with like today's tool, we need to like completely redefine our creative process into how we're building performances, how we're presenting ideas, and uh how we're bringing people together. So for us, having a generative stage makes it so that every experience is unique. It's more like, oh, how did the building respond when you were there? How did it respond when you were there? Now we have a different experience even though we were in the same locations. Uh so yeah we really want to take this generative stage uh like a showroom like a show performance space that and build a template for us to do this in other places of the world where we want to drive the same type of generated creativity. Absolutely. Then um next to all like not so that whiteboard. So, if you can imagine that inferior is an infinite canvas, then what does an infinite whiteboard look like?


02:33:00

salon: As like a UX designer, I I see patterns all the time. And a pattern that I feel like maybe a lot of you guys have ran into the last year is who's recording? Is this on or is someone have their microphone? Right. And it's because we're trying to capture these conversations because they're very meaningful. So, how do we amplify these conversations and make them beautiful? How do we build these ideas and treat them like music and like we don't hear a single notes and judge the whole song? It's about the assembly of it. It's about like adding divergent thoughts and divergent ideas. So, for us like doing all these you use cases has kind of like come down to what is the conversation about? Is it about music? Is it about art? Is it about building ideas? Like this whiteboard could probably go on forever with ideas. So, how do we take the the transcript and if you guys have used box term, box term basically allows you to separate and segment people's voices. So, what if we now have different layers for every single person that's speaking?


02:34:12

salon: And then what if we can redefine what a speech bubble looks like so that as people are speaking it's morphing and it's aggregating into different clusters because you already have this back end that's kind of like aggregated towards your ideas or or your your love letters or whatever it is but it's basically adding a layer of intelligence so that Ethereum is not the one that's defining the whole conversation. There's now transcripts. There's now players. There's now a visual that's like constantly morphing. And if we can start adding all these things together, we have like a super notebook that's listening to what we say. It's expressing our ideas. It's recording them and it's like amplifying in a way that that's a little bit more dynamic than just like not having anything at all. Yeah. So our goal for this accelerator is simply uh to deliver our installation which is I think mostly um the mission to the events that we have most of people and we think about like what's our ideal customer profile it's people who are telling stories and expressing ideas something a lot so our goal is to make something like a visualizer with a box um and other transcription tools as well.


02:35:36

salon: It feels really beautiful and native and welcome on your room. One thing I think that's also really important we talk about a lot is just like how really it's important to tell people in a very like obvious way that you're recording when they come into a room, right? Like in a world where like it's unclear, it's good to say, "Hey, like you are being recorded right now. So we think, you know, like being able to do that in a really beautiful additive way that like is engaging and is distracting and feels additive to everybody and delivering that's important. Um and when we're able to accomplish that and when we move up to providing more utility and starting to expand on the the sort of promise of the like intelligence in the room so that you can do things like uh as I mentioned we have like the the real time inference engine work on the queue uh which all tools in real time with like very discreet like just jumping transcripts on tools and and most of the time they go fast act all the time uh since using really like ask like different like say what should I do right now what should I do right now starting to experiment with girlfriend voice on top of that as well she can start to say okay like trigger like if I like we have agreed that uh we're not going to talk about this particular subject so we start talking about this particular subject change you know it's a red change the whole presentation we're going to wake the voice a say


02:37:04

salon: no say you're not going to talk about that same focus you know these are the types of experiences that are totally possible and so we want to lay a strong foundation of like really beautiful responses and intelligence and then build on top of that uh so that um not only people who are whiteboarding a room but anybody's who's having a conversation Sam gave me a great idea last night which uh actually made a lot of progress on so far uh which is to take podcasts and to to use the podcast trained for the for something like for us and business plan. Um, you know, I think last night we as an example were a little too conservative on like non digital industry. So it got a little hung up when people were talking about concepts and so we're able to then 100 different podcast transcripts and for trainings for OpenAI the codeex goals uh to to improving email across all five of those things. And so being able to abstractly represent conversations about no matter what they're about and to do so with like visual imagery that really able to data dealing with people is um difficult uh but it's like really possible you know.


02:38:16

salon: So we we're excited to have all of these tools um that we've been working on is one of the other talk about for a second is easel. I'm really proud of it. I'm really proud of the progress that go with it recently. Something that is available to us. Yeah, easel is pretty much a compositor for you guys to be able to start compositing content on top of each other. and uh Q will be the agent that is practically telling the timeline when to show things and not to show things. Uh we did this because as we're setting up for this permanent installation, if you want to start masking this projector and doing projector mapping, the cheapest tool right now, I think it's like $400 or $800. So if you have three floors for an installation like we have now you have to you know times that by three. So we build Q and the projection mapping software that's open source. So anyone can go now and start doing projection mapping controlling multiple projectors and then more importantly compositing different shaders on top of each other.


02:39:35

salon: So kind of like similar if you guys have ever tried to create an image with any LLM right now if you try to create the whole thing it's kind of hard for it to get the whole thing but if you break it down into into like components then you're able to start stacking these layers on top of each other and that's where we feel like shader we we build another tool called shader block so you can just make shaders with plug um and then you can say hey I want 10 pixel players and I want them to be random um and I want them to respond to the weather or something like that. So you can actually build these varants these eleant shaders now that can be styled with um yeah it can be styled with audio. So this is like an example of a shader that'll actually do you want to talk about like the research shaders? This is f****** cool. I told I told Claude to basically go and make me a shader for every art period of the last 150 years. And then I told it to uh basically I gave it a ranking system in inside of the app.


02:40:51

salon: And if it I ranked them from one to five and if they were ranked a one then every single night right now it goes and tries to do research on artists from I think this is Bow House. So it's like researching bow house artist and every day tries to prove itself to get to the number five star. So I always like every day I go and I rank all the shaders about where they are. Um and the machines or stuff like has to go and takes a screenshot rates itself. We also came up with a rate system of what like a good composition should be like. Um, but basically it's using all this to to have movements, to have parameters that I can control, to have a color and depth and sometimes 3D and sometimes like elements that I can't even think of. I'm always sometimes I'm just like throwing a surprise that's going to like, you know, surprise me. Um, yeah, this loom has been running now for for a couple weeks. So, it's pretty exciting that like I wake up every day and I'm like check and see like, oh, cool.


02:41:56

salon: what's like the new new thing it's come up with and it's using all the other shaders to to build more shaders. So, um there what I was trying to get to is that it's very hard to get an LLM right now any of them to do the whole composition exactly how you want. But if I can do something like this now, I can use Ethereia and and and diffusion to say I want these to be um like streets and they're all robes that are merging from each other and then there's I don't know spiders that are going across and every shape over here is a different car or something like that. Like now I can do that with Ethereia. I can style it effortlessly. Right? So you can imagine how you have these shaders that are driven by actual data that are actually stylized by diffusion. Um, one thing I was just thinking about with like smoother as an example, I think one theme that's really emerging in our work is that the more like structure of like what are right now uh, you know, like what I just like trying to do the same exact on these podcasts that sound very and so it reminds me like a little bit if you guys are familiar with bio is anybody familiar with bio bio is a still going it's like a generating art piece that like just evolves like based off of the the feedback from the community.


02:43:38

salon: Um, as you can imagine, like I think when you have like longer learning transition loops like you know more uh interesting forms of feedback since the normal you kind of have these loops run for longer and then you might have um more and more interesting pieces of art. Um I think that that square is like an artifact of the time. Yeah. Yeah. So the the the last thing I think on this is that one of the things that I think is really cool about the exchanger like when we sold the um let's say this is like January it's not you know there's no going on here sort of like this just just having this piece right like that that was just like always moving off this wall like where we should like I think would extremely satisfying to add, you know, the contents that reacting the rhythm. So, um, there are a lot of different tools to to accomplish that job. And so I think you know as we think about going from like really creating beautiful aesthetic experiences to then be able to create utility from those experiences and ultimately you know reinforce this if you this idea of spatial imagination spaces across the the world there really building blocks that are in place.


02:45:12

salon: So I think that's it questions. Yeah, it's laudable. I'm just pointing it out. Go ahead. How about you guys actually have also looked into the information on the side or this? is like because you were mentioning the whiteboards but but it still like felt quaint which is super nice but I just that like the use case specifically for centers only the presenters not for the room but like yeah yeah we we did that were you asking how much we thought about that yeah yeah so we did yeah yeah We when James mentioned this a little bit, but whenever we presented recently uh because we're building our own tools, we didn't program that if you unplug the HDMI, it's going to just like crash the whole thing because it's looking for a source. So, we were presenting and whole presentation got damaged because of that. The only thing we could do was just turn on Ethereia and start talking. And that's what we did. And then it was like we try to like James said, we try to follow the flow of the presentation that we had and people just became way more engaged whenever we opened it up to Q&A.


02:46:46

salon: They're like, "Oh, cool." Like, "Let me see how this thing goes." We were recently approached though by uh I think it was like the president of UPEN who wants to do a tour just giving presentations about AI things like that. Um not quite sure what's going to happen with the time and stuff. It was just interesting to see how I don't know at least for me that's when James and I looked at each other recently and we were like oh this cool cuz that guy Reed was presenting and talking about Mars. I don't know if he had just done his homework because he did tell us before he came in. He's like, "Guys, I've been practicing all week." So I don't know if it's just made you see that these are bit like different use cases and that's why supervis sometimes you need to be creative and that's why I'm interested like how configurable it would be and can like go really like uh institutionally to just uh yeah invite the real time also do the the information like the like yeah Oh, wait. The the other approach uh that James has speak about a little bit was we wanted to not have someone read a poem and sometimes like yeah we're risky to go real time but sometimes you want to like get up a little bit you know so we would give the the phone beforehand and then as you're like it kind of already has a little bit of of an idea of what you're going to say.


02:48:24

salon: So that way you you come into maybe it rather than defining it from nowhere. Uh which I think that was the easier to manage like less risky I guess. Absolutely. I think that the the two thing we're trying to figure out it's like on one hand you have just like pure aesthetic like just fun and beautiful to look at. I enjoy this experience like I and then on the other hand you have like pure function and utility it's like this is adding something to the experience that's allowing to more thank and um you know I think we we started purely on the the side like this is a beautiful thing that's really fun and I I think for sure we'll do more times like we'll made out last night like play around with it and that I think that's really the the the good at a bunch of times to see how it's evolved and even how it's evolving now and you know I think when we think about the utility it's like the the moment I started thinking about utility I started thinking about like um you know like in like Star Wars when they're like about to go out and they're brief and there's a hologram and it's like you know and then you that that to me is like this is that I you know this is like I know it's supposed to be like a long time ago but it's like this feels like I'm in the future right now and so like that that experience and being able to just see what you're saying it's just like animated in front of you and I think


02:50:02

salon: when like even when I you know was like communist when was speaking it was a you know it was a thumbnail at the bottom of his presentation and that was I think really great because it just it it did it it didn't have to do the whole job and I think that's like why administrators is important that's why you figuring out like what what all the tools you have for the job are how they evolve but I think we're like okay we need the bar it's just good to have um and people feel like even if the only utility at the moment is hey I'm recording your let me remind you that I'm recording and give you this aesthetic and a beautiful experience then you kind go further on that utility scale and as the tech advances then do the things that are like less forgiving. You know, there are like reducing the form factor down to a little thumbnail when you have a whole presentation in front of you is like one way to go like preloading the machine with all the information so that you're just getting it as details.


02:51:06

salon: That's another um I I think Q itself and I I'm very curious uh to just get feedback on Q as a as a framework. this thing is really powerful and there's a lot of support there, you know, has a lot of security utilities and so I think that's kind of the spect it's like trying to like gain utility in a way that doesn't destroy the job. Yeah. Um, I'm curious. Um, I'm curious like it almost seemed like like last night that all of our almost like visual jets. more. And I'm just like curious like what have you thought about in terms of like giving giving yourselves like you think that can like help enhance the expanding? Like I was thinking like for example like you mentioned how you had it like training on like different art styles, right? If you imagine like based on like where the conversation like like switching up like what art style we keep doing and stuff like that. I'm just curious like what are your thoughts on on like kind of like giving the the like I guess what we call visual DJ more how DJ for a while I still do it.


02:52:38

salon: Um, basically right now inside of Diesel, you can practically add whatever knob you want. Like you can be like, "Yo, I want to be able to control the size of the the triangle." So, it'll do that. Um, and then we also paired it to the MIDI. So, you can control those knobs with MIDI. Um, and then I think with Q, the next step is how do we take these knobs, these shaders and control them through voice because like the beauty of the we were saying in the beginning the the beauty of all this is being able to just turn it into a conversation. So the the barrier entry becomes like almost invisible. It's just like something that is supporting the conversation rather than dictating what we're saying. Um, and I I don't know. Sometimes we've been at shows, we've done a bunch of like music shows and we've tried to go out in the crowd and give people the microphone. Um, sometimes you have like the the random, you know, I want to see Trump get f****** ass or something like that or something weird, you know?


02:53:43

salon: So then we have to be the ones there like dictating what's going on or like we have to be DJing with the mic in the booth, right? Or we could just type it in. But it it like that's another reason why the energy of like what these things are giving you is much different and the pace is different. It's harder to have a conversation at a club like you want more like energy or at a music show. You want it to be a little bit more in there. Uh so yeah, I think with Q the goal is to put things in a timeline, right? So now we can organize these shaders in time according to time space and time and then now we can kind of say okay you you should be combining and merging these two for the conversation seems to be going a little bit more uh in the pop art route someone just mentioned Warhol so you know um which is where you is supposed to then take what we're saying it's tool calling so it's able to go into all these tools and basically just start uh compile going for you in the meantime.


02:54:51

salon: Yeah. I I feel like this shape that we're in is like something I'll be staring at really long time, like so early and so rough. Like one example of of how the tools have evolved just in a short amount of time that we've been doing it. It's like okay like with a real time video model like one of the most important things that you have to care about is the key value. That's like that's that's the memory like when it was getting really really stuck on a like on a seed last night. It's just the the key body like too conservatively not opening the the cach right. So we started with um like okay create a new prompt and then like that was a tool that you had and then it had like a parameter of like reset value that's like yes or no. Um then we realized that was like a lot less effective than allowing Q to make incision about like updating a scene or creating a new scene like that was a more native thing a binary choice between like I want to create something new or I want to update something but on the downstream like okay that means that when it falls create value and so on and then we like additionally right created the ability for it to like create persistent style instruction itself in the future.


02:56:17

salon: as we like add more and more capabilities, there's this combination of wanting people to be able to control things with their voice and also for increasingly intelligent models to be able to understand how to translate the intent that's in your voice to like all these things that that like downstream situated. I'm curious by system. Does it like does it know that it's like trying to create experience and not necessarily like like do you like give it room to like almost like not not take things like super literally, you know what I mean? Yeah, that level of strength for sure and it's that's the like this is where good eval and and like really matter you know it really matters to be able to like to like you know as an example creating by the way you can see over here the the evals um like to be able to commit to this is what we're trying to do here um that matters because as things get more intelligent, they'll just like do whatever you tell them to do, right? So, it's like it's important to like have a consistent idea of what success looks like and to be able to also like not be so married to that idea that you can't entertain like uh that like I I think a lot of the thing we really try to get this in front of people is just a lot and so one of the interesting things is being able to translate people's feedback then to like okay we're we're in the stack it's just a jump the eval are we evaluating the right things like are these


02:58:10

salon: particular vals like tuned well like do you have the right move in place to be able to to manage that effective and I think for most of those things right now we're so early like I think that we get 100 times better those things and I think we did that you know just the overall quality of the experience will just be substantially better like also the tech so much better so there's so many different levels of of training the track fun little nugget was uh we were going and doing poems and stories and people were describing a story and then the like theory would put a person in there but then it was like me saying a story but then it will portray me as a woman or you would say something and then all of a sudden it would get a little bit like rated R start throwing bodies because you're you're speaking about a story, you're speaking about a person sometimes, whether it's yourself or someone involved. So, there was always like this this body fluid that would come in and it was like warped and messed up.


02:59:15

salon: And we were kind of like, how do we solve for this? And what we did was just eliminate people in general. So, like you couldn't you couldn't bring people up like you could you could say something, but it was going to be like a silhouette of a person and not like a literal person. And just with like a simple design in decision like that, we like eliminate 80% of the problems that we had that were like including rad. Yeah, seems like more of like where the people exactly. And I I could imagine like I wonder like it's possible to like almost explore and sound like things like laughter if there's anything people are smiling like like just like I mean I guess like in a crowd a lot of audio feedback. So it's like I feel like you could almost have like like a separate like a separate model running in real time to like score maybe can talk a little bit about he does have something in store. Yeah, we have a we have um we have like an auditor like model that's exact Yeah, it's just a radio.


03:00:59

salon: So that could be that could be like a uh that could be like a complete RL. Yeah, we can use that evil technology. I mean, we have still connected all the speakers intentions. Maybe they really want the emotions to be triggered. So, yeah, we've like one of the we're with Q. So the the the goal of Q is to be like this abstract real time inference evaluation in that basically says did I understand somebody's intent at the right time and fulfill it and like whatever way like so in this case it's like by creating a new image they like you know it can also be like so we're one of the things is like having um something like a vision like like the vision lining fin because we have a RTX 6000 controller that we purchased for this installation. And so basically the the installation um will be able to run completely uh autonomously on the on you know transparently box you know uh local which will be slower than our global we will use the internet speed but at least it's capable of doing it any language modeling specifically like 60 frames per second so you can uh we have you know it was hard to find a vision model that was fascinating.


03:02:45

salon: So I think adding more like as an example if you're like okay we're gonna have the meta model in place and it's going to say okay like I think this is um there's a lot of also we we have this uh a lot of really interesting implications of technology for stroke recovery which is really fascinating those people have strokes 40% of them so just like being able to see if you say like back street that's really going to be feedback back. Um, in any case though, I can imagine especially like as like as bio feedbacks more and more accessible can like really put somebody in the exact place that they may end up being. Um, then you think about like implications for like psychedelication and so on. There's a lot of really cool therapy. You think about somebody being able to like visualize, you know, I have my sister who had a really childhood. he was a couple months ago talking to a built a lot of feel like just being able to visualize like a bad memory uh so the more like you're able to achieve that will be really powerful so as you can see there's so many use cases and those are enabled by all of technology so being able to think about okay how can we make something that is really great what's sitting in the room and then kind of like this being with Q can you do like antagonistic like inferring intent is one thing but a lot of the bio feedback things can be you gave an example of like


03:04:17

salon: oh if something wrong is being said you'd interrupt him and say no you didn't want to do that I find it sometimes disorienting I mean if like I see my transcription and then I'm like aware of myself and then it disrupts my train of thought which find kind of interesting it's part of the uh you know play with it and see um I mean I I I the stroke therapy is one thing but I I could see a lot of use of this or like I would want a use for this that's like help me do public speaking better by providing the right compensative cue of some kind at the right time. If it's like lagging and interpreting I don't think that that would tend to do the right thing and if it's I mean a teleprompter is not reactive at all but it does serve the problem of you know keeping you drifting. Um it seems like from what you've described like Q is like great like the design space of like where where you go fast where you allow yourself to lead because you're predicting and like start a chunk of work early that seems like um uh yeah I think like it could be to be able to like you know you don't want somebody to be too focused on like the discreet details of transcription or kind of just want to have like a beautiful floating experience that's like um it's engaging but not distracting um and then to like to be able to


03:05:51

salon: like see if it affects his speech. Exactly. Uh those are Hello, hello, hello, America. I think the AC's put a lot of noise in. That's very cool. Uh, so the big moment pretend that's not even there. So the uh I I like being able to, you know, one of the things I think as an example, I I really want to create like a oneman show. It's like it has a running me, but it also has like a voice agent that is only triggering when I'm talking about a certain topic. So, the voice agent wakes up and starts talking to me. Then it knows when to go to sleep. And then there's like it changes the lighting. So, you can imagine like all of these um things that require inference that require the model to make a choice that are also within your control. Similarly, you know, you're you're speaking and you're like, okay, I um am going on too long about it. subject kind of change the like the color of the shader. One thing we talk about is if the conversation gets heated in the room, you know, like like maybe the the fire starts happening a little bit, right?


03:07:12

salon: Just to like start to be response to be responsive to you. So then you kind of like set these in tensions and enshrine the tools. So they have all of these visual tools and that audio intelligence and so on to be able to respond to the intentions that you set beforehand. Uh you're starting from collectors. Those are the only ones who could afford what you're trying to sell. And now uh it's just like technology is getting much much cheaper. Um like EPU orchestration's getting better. Uh and the models are getting smarter. So I think it was first performers like you've been targeting performers. People were giving a presentation and they're going to do some sort of show. Uh and then ideally with like an infinite whiteboard we're targeting more people who are building utility want utility product um kind of like people in the I think one to that point one one um one profile that allows a little bit of gross spaces just making up because you know we also happen to be building this space Um, and so like figuring out how to equate your space with these goals in a way that enhances the experience in uh I think it's uh something that we're trying to do every day.


03:08:56

salon: And so when it comes to like like that continuum between like a utility like you know one of the things we talked about the installation tutorials like going to like sell that to like hotels and sell that to like office space and so on because like people buy things curated for aesthetic utility or for the aesthetics and then you can kind of extend that more and more time space if lots of people come through space any faces have many purchases. And so I think thinking about like part of this physical space also allows you to advertise the cost like increasingly expensive. Well, thank you guys questions answer. Let me go find where Albby went because I want Elby to go next. I'll be Can you do I cute right now? Yeah. Damn, we missed the order. But because I ordered myself earlier and my phone was here. Well, that's a good enough. You want to go walk and get some food? Yeah. What is within the next 20 minutes? We could pause a bit. Carter will only have an hour for us, but he can start at 8. We could also pause until students go.


03:10:53

salon: How do you do that? We have a timeline editor now and it basically allows this shader and that shader and that I'll be pausing our feed for like uh for about 20 or 30 minutes and come back. They want Right. Imagine just like building whiteboard. already verify your employer. you know, like the difference between trying to think of like I was trying to think of trying like workflows to coordinate you want you want it know what they're doing. So I want our experience to do so. I mean I would even say that um several of the projects like you start adding each basically but generally it's just like one structure because my thought was basically like soft. So that's where I was like I think we went now. I think we we really really like want to nail like can we do we accurately represent when somebody's trying to say There's nothing for everyone else that Oh no, I didn't go. I was actually walking like before I got there. We want to be able to like when somebody is speaking the audience of my speech when do you go and recording right now your show stage like show this whole show that I just basically say this is what it looks like because so don't I just want to go like after demo day your Just going to let Matt come


03:17:01

salon: after me. actually all of this story. because I ordered one of the old but I ordered a lot of tacos so I think I like something Do you know if Carter's still gonna talk tonight? Yeah. What time is that? Right after the So 7:45. Yeah, that's about right. We're just balancing other things. So, trying to make sure we can be there. Yeah, I can let you know when Well, I'll let you know when the food arrives anyway. asking completely 333 and then it drops to 17. I guess that happened to one of my other cups that I had to do that exact same mitigation. It's a good thing that the second one didn't have the same flaw. from New Orleans. New Orleans. Where is it? It's like It's kind of like a state bank next to Florida. Okay. So, it's like one state of Mexico. Yeah. Get away. How do you get contextual? I guess I just skip a bunch of uh work. No matter what projects I'm working on, I only seem to spend time on a side project of that.


03:20:49

salon: So the side project stack could just go further and further. It's like asking how many tabs I have open. In your brain, it's just a lot of tabs. I feel like my my productivity max sessions are six plug code tabs. That's I can't I haven't been able to beat that with anything else. And I haven't I want to be able to do more I would love to find a way to be more um uh like I like this idea of having like asynchronous feedback happening all the time and then like the swarm of agents is doing all of the work while I just like offer quotes or prioritizations and have like a good canban system. But I still mostly just either like I'm working very hard which is in six cloud code taps and then just go like very fast issue or I'm not sure not sure what the problem is. I would it's largely like a state of mind and like motivation issue. It's not even a context card, but it's just like I'm usually only like able to summon motivation. this like I'm assuming 60 is like on different Oh, uh I only use um this is just this switch between them.


03:22:22

salon: I didn't like you. Uh it's just like a tail thing. I just don't remember which one. No, I'm thinking of symphony. See, that's different. Um yeah. conduct. Is it the AI sales tool? That doesn't even say Dr. Yeah. So they have each project different trees. They're just creating the G trees working on different issues. But I found it tokens. I I turn in my cloud subscription like 20% used most weeks. Can I use hardly any tokens and haven't done anything that uh do you want to use? No, not at all. I have a ZI backup subscription. Um, and I use that on some of my Hermes agents, but I haven't been able to make her agents like they just sort of do like little tricks. agent. Does everyone here have agent or um I don't think so. We're going to do like a B agent tutorial if we run agent over every week. Um I could that would be cool. Could you do that? You're not trying actually. Hey, I'm glad you signed up.


03:25:12

salon: I mean, it's just setting up few commands and getting your tools and connecting the Telegraph. Matrix. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I was just imagine. Um I mean I need to go get my I'm really happy with my my 3090 part. My my graphics card. the graphics card in Michigan. My wife was using the graphics. All right, so it's off. So I need to go turn it back on. Who's using it for? Yeah, I'm not happy about it. I'm I'm allowing myself to like push against any of that or like accept the fact that for that. Um certainly not happy about it. I'm spending some time learning other nonclad things. But but that's just all I'm saying like I haven't been able to match my productivity anywhere near close with just several quad code tabs on anything else. I haven't tried vastly many things. So like my score different rate is sort of low right now I would say. And what I would really like to be able to do is just, you know, use a what I what I found recently, I've been really happy with um when local 24 because I had it help me with some like hardware TC research.


03:27:18

salon: Um I could imagine getting and the ace log code very productive but in matrix sending messages to it. It's a little bit more send my message go off for a while and do something else which made it good. I was able to use this a lot from my phone while on vacation and participating adequately not perfectly but adequately in my vacation here. Good. your ent like plot code or like your agent. Oh, this is a Hermes agent. This is a Hermes agent. on uh you know showite design. This is on my desktop in Michigan. Okay. But I'm talking to her agent via we would probably give out a bunch of like that's the point or just run the army agent on your laptop but then right that's not really getting the full yeah I mean running it on a VPS Yes, would be good. We probably have some shared machine. That might be the way to do it and just like you know agent on a machine you can reach local network. It's obviously still you know someone else's machine but for some kind of experiment that might be kind of Oh yeah.


03:28:55

salon: But you you can do it through messaging. Yeah. upload that demonstrating I mean and because this is running in a docker container so I should have it in more than or it's just doing a bad pattern of running a few days ago I ran into this problem They create this explain why I I had a really great session with this of having it fetch all of these like parts PDFs for hardware evaluation download them all like tell me about all of them the discussion about all of them is like you know very good that was like a pretty like involved session that obviously I would have also been able to do with code and felt familiar, but I was satisfied with the Yeah, what was my point about all of that? Oh, well, yeah. I mean, so I I haven't beat I haven't spent a lot of time trying different productivity modes in cloud-based ordinary ones. And if I was going to be exploring more things, I would probably reserve trying to be comfortable using an open-source model. Not just an open source model, but on like, you know, attainable graphics card.


03:30:31

salon: Well, I I liked using the Z subscription because like G5 Yeah. Yeah. So, there's the whole idea, right? Because like in in this place basically there's always a boxing also sent you a message. Oh yeah. Yeah. I know. Like everybody's always like So this it's like audio audio transcription. Uh so working on like a parting and then you can pick up all the around. Oh, so basically someone that's interesting. You're the first person to try. Um, I guess they could like barely detect the speed of which people are talking and like match the scroll speed to like that pretty you were tired before you ate. You were tired before you ate. Yes. Is that a concept to take? So you were before you were tired because you had to eat but now you're tired because you beat life is everything is Yes. And I'm still the time zone and what you see next because I'm always check I think the New York Times telling my mom and oh it's no I'm forgetting York actually infiltration local still.


03:33:20

salon: Yeah, I just try to stay Eastern time zone as much as possible. It minimizes time. I wish we I would rather like switch sunset like I wish we worked all at on the same time. Yeah. Yeah. different places where like like, okay, sunset is at 3:00 a.m. is the s***. Like, at least we can agree it's 3 a.m. to sunrise and sunset. But also when you wait when you travel for that are at different times in any and it changes throughout the years too in America then they draw the lines where time zones are like where there's very low population to try to like limit how will be time zones just from like you know if you're trying to do that it's a sign The other thing is gets more according to people, it gets better at detecting. Another thing is supposed to be doing is correctly coloring the audio basic. I would love to know uh what color my voice was. Oh, Tars new PR idea. Yeah. Uh letting people choose their voice color. Whoa. voice and definitely profiling it based on like their tone of voice and whatnot like what color you only have so many letters.


03:35:40

salon: Yeah profile for party. Well, what you would do is you like hit C to enter following mode and use arrow keys to scroll through and then C to exit mode. Yeah, I mean it already stores your session or like a identifiable like your voice profile. Yeah. So you just add a color added I also added a little bit about highass noise filter. You don't have to move it at all. So this one actually will profile based on your voice. Hello my voice. Hello. So now Oh, it's done. I actually hope that sounds It's not something. So I actually think I'm pretty like wide tone of voice. So like you can see my voice. Oh yeah. Hello. red. Well, I think the red is back. Yes, you're very clearly blue. Hello. Whereas mine is much more green and I guess and what color is like a radio? Yeah, like a train that Linux maybe. America by the west process. Very slow. Yeah. I think if you look at That's amazing.


03:41:23

salon: Yeah. Yeah, guys. Thank you. Yes. Right. Nice. just beautiful. Okay. I wanted And I put the black into AI formed based on Mario. I really want to do some kind of I think I'm taking something like Sure. Well, I don't know if Mario actually there's different um like the way Mario Party works, right? like there are different people throughout the game and like some kind of like how well across multiple different bricks. So those rubrics are often secret to you. I think this is how are you? Thanks. Yeah, very serious. Everybody can tell my AI market decision. Right. I've actually uh I was talking to Please bring up very optimistic. When you get a big close by, right? I'm more recent. Yes. You know, we always encapturing some of the I don't see anything's I've been in the city or I walk. Well, so I realiz and yeah all started happening. All right. Well, I guess we'll stay here for you.


03:51:24

salon: So, yeah. Yeah. beautiful market. your database. It's not bad. at the city. go downstairs at a center more expensive but there's a convenient camera so I answer. Okay. And I'm sure Yeah. like those moments like I think we met and then he was for a while. kept you kept giving feedback. No time there are no reason. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. branches for later vulnerable. and they looked at it then saying that they switch into that as well. Yes. Yeah. It's just Okay. Yeah. Yes. Very interesting. which is likewome. really good environments early and Once they go outside Of course, she gets the whole Yeah. So, artists that partic can actually pray Jesus. I'm good. a few seconds of managing Okay. Obviously not against the It's safe. That's not Yeah, but I'm So that I'm really scared to start because it's not When I say confidence Yeah.


04:02:46

salon: Oh, no. She'll go later. What? Go later. That's right. something else. So these transcripts are all going to be in the read tool. What tool for the router? We need all these transcripts to be that's good. It's like a like basically just a control policy point towards all the reposed. Yeah, I I can think of pathways of doing it. I wonder what's like a good reliable way to do it. Uh I just went and like manually copied all the transcripts off the Voxrim's terrible quality. The Vstrom's terrible quality because I'm using the MacBook for multiple purposes. It is the thing driving the projector. So, the heat's filled up. So, there's no lag. It's great if it's just a box term, but I'm using it as the presentation black out. So, we're gonna try to will it be interesting to how like stream diffusion and that model run together on the 6000? Oh, yeah. Well, will just make me jealous of the 6,000. Well, look, we're just like plotting out the design of the thing.


04:04:28

salon: We're ultimately buy another one. Yeah. Yeah. That's we use the 6,000 to like start to like Yeah. Okay. Uh so yeah, maybe like having having like extra space for transcription feels like an important part of like Yeah, I was practice. Well, I'll tell you what's a bummer is that when like nothing's talking on the screen, I really want that beautiful box term, you know? I like looking at it. I mean, it's no ethereal, but it's still a pretty pleasant soundwave. But with the meetup, there's not enough thought left in it for it to even populate the soundwave. So that's not a satisfying sound wave. to make that thing all the iconic box trophy. So maybe it's like bubbles or something. It's like a different Well, I mean it's not the visualizer that's stuck. It's like I think Well, there's two explanations of what could be going on. One is that I have the little like mic cluster picked up to it and that might not be a way that it's able to transcribe. Well, do you know what happens a lot to me with with voice transcription?


04:05:40

salon: What's that? The system audio of the microphone too low. That it's like you it will surprise you sometimes if that's true. System audio microphones the microphone is too low. That's how so there's like a system audio settings on Oh, but I mean speakers here. Oh, what? Maybe that is consistent with what's going on. Why isn't this plugged in? Oh, so it's just going to die soon. Yeah. I really like birds. I was thinking it doesn't even feel like you are right as quickly as possible So I think so we have that feature basically. which is I think probably one of the reasons most you know nothing else animations like that going from you say what's the I nevertheless. local but also the exam is like I literally the worst transcription company for privacy in the market privacy practice that's a tradeoff um in order to opt out um included in their trainings. You have to like which I did. I'm glad that I did that, but I was also like, "Wow, that was the practice is bad because the like price differential for the privacy option was so high." Oh yeah.


04:09:40

salon: Like I think I was so stupid for doing that. I think that was done to say like it was it was we could have used that money for other stuff easy but like I also didn't know what to do because the transcriptions were really good. So I was kind of like they have a great product that I I guess I have to pay for and honestly just speaking that out loud. It really wasn't a mistake because it's like $70,000 overall budget to pay for privacy like that. Even though we like never used that much of transcription, still that's how much it cost. Yeah, if the app had been successful, we would have benefited like 100 people. Hey, really quick. So, I was just went over the trash stuff. We're going to get that sorted. Um I like logistically it might make sense if we start doing easy paving events in the fun kind of one idea that was put forward. So I think this room is already hitting capacity at smells quite a bit at uh so I think we may I don't know thinking about that any thoughts on that.


04:11:02

salon: I know I know are there seats there will be able to get Yeah. Yeah. It'll all So what do you need? what you need to do tomorrow. the next three days or two days to see. Yeah. also you guys would be having probably Phil. All right. What about during the day? I mean, there seems like more people during the day than wake up. more people. I do a deep. It's a good idea. Yeah. Shall we start? Okay, great. I'll be right back. It's not just like you want to sit sit right there. I know I don't feel like changing the arrangement. It's been going so good so far. There's your microphone. Your mic's Yeah. Your mic on? Yeah. Yeah. Your mic still is on. Feel bad. Do you want any visual aids? And you don't have to, you know, screen present. You can also do manual Ethereum where it just like I load up with I do searches based on whatever you say.


04:13:35

salon: Okay. If you have any screen, I can even I still need this. What do I lose? It's this stuff. story. He was he was starting to edit the motion editor. And I was like, "Yo, you can change any part of that editor however you want." He was like, "Wait, what?" I was like, "Yeah, you can just say I want this to work this way instead of that way and it will just happen." So like early motion feature like video did we show you the video? Oh, you should run it up in there. Just waiting until Demar gets back to start. I'm gonna send you something. I feel like Yeah. Oh man. I mean in descending order top one need to feel inspired. This is like our second day first day after orientation. So anything that gets the feeling inspired that's number one. Uh I'm personally fascinated with I think just the uh you know project was a lot of blockchain before that's not the topic now. So making a viable like admire options when auctions becoming viable in a nontraditional financial area I think it's fascinating and I think we are all lacking in go to market sense and uh the nature of product market especially we all know that's good oh yeah I love hearing your stories also that can be Oh yeah, I was just waiting for you.


04:16:52

salon: Yeah, everybody. All right, let's start our Would you? Yeah. All right. What's up? Hi today introduce a man while a college student said I'm gonna like change the way that art is sold and then just like did uh built a private the largest private art marketplace in the world. like um amazing uh and also who was really deeply committed to his spiritual growth. Um and so I actually met Carter at a retreat of like spiritual founders in upstate New York a few years ago and just reconnected recently and I really uh really getting to know him and he really enjoyed it. So he's going to talk about his experience with entrepreneurship. By the way, what's where's the data? Like I'm just um there's a Google Meet. Uh but no one else is on the Google Meet. Wait, hold on. Hold on. Victoria is in the Google Meet. Like is it is it gonna get posted? Oh, hey Ricky. Hey, what's up? This won't be posted publicly.
Wiki: Hi.
salon: We would like to make the transcript available to the cohort.


04:18:38

salon: Yeah. Thanks you all for having um Yeah. So obviously discovering this place is one of the coolest things that's happening recently. I think uh I hope you really enjoy being here and um hope at some point over events posting up. Um, go to the old school, the NYC. If you have people there, cool people who are interested in co-working here, we're doing an uh information session next Thursday. Uh, and the website's the oldschool.nyc just a little forum. Um, yeah. So, shout out to the oldchool.nyc. Awesome. Um, see, I figured, you know, my goal is just to be as helpful as I can. for the folks in this room. Um I'm like in the trenches with you on my next super early stage uh startup. Um but hopefully from my first company I can share some things that were helpful and useful along the way so maybe their journey there was painful fun and impactful for everyone else. So, I thought maybe I could sort of hit some of the highlights of like my journey and um where yeah, just kind of share a little bit about where it started and where it got to today.


04:20:02

salon: And then maybe I'll share some of the personal stuff as well because I find sometimes sharing online aspect. Um, I think sometimes the more personal part of the entrepreneurial journey is actually also really important because you feel very uh lonely when you're going through some of the challenging moments some of that and then my folks can just double click and ask questions about what might be useful to unpack. Um yeah, so I started um partly you know my senior year of college in my dorm room back and uh you know with this idea that in the same way that you know Netflix to make art accessible or Spotify is making music accessible like there should be one site that all accessible. I was really interested in the Netflix uh prize which was given out to a team that could like improve the Netflix algorithm by like 10% or something. I was just obsessed with that idea. Like how could we do that for art? like recommendation algorithms for art and um so yeah kind of like fell into it more from almost just like a interesting problem like sort of learning perspective and like was not at all thinking from a business perspective which I would say maybe one of my first lessons there is like that's probably a bigger thing because if I had done the like business impacts analysis I would have found that like it's actually insanely obvious idea you know art many people tried and all failed just like a really really hard space for


04:21:46

salon: a lot of just like a very entrenched industry and so I'm actually really glad that it is definitely a very large journey but I'm really glad that I actually came at it from a little 90s angle you're just kind of following my like random like passion of like oh you still want to build art recommendation algorithms um otherwise I'd probably like you that path was so tried and failed. So that's kind of the first thing. Um and then you know I'd say you know then we I went ahead and started building like an example of a website and this this recommendation like based on like home projects. You guys remember Pandora way back in the day? They had a big basic genome project. And sort of the idea is that if the stuff you're recommending has these really interesting feature sets, it's actually kind of cool to like um actually like use data to like represent those feature sets because like you know with music it's not just the fact that you like this musician like this musician. It's actually interesting and like oh they're both like DJs that came out of Detroit in like the late 90s.


04:22:55

salon: like that's actually really that you actually want to surface. Um so the same is true of art like a lot of our attraction to art is actually the context around it. You know what historical movement was was it a part of or like you know what theme does it um uh sort of what motivated the artist in that moment. So we went and built this concept called the genome project where we have over a thousand different genes. each gene represented. Um, a different thing about an artwork that you could say this is again and it would have scores say this artwork before you like artwork but like that would be like uh nature or this would be sculpture like those are really basic things those are but it could be like cubism 30 it could be impressionism 80 it could be mortality like 50 like does this work engage with a concert mortality or like DIY or so we have like a thousand of And we created some cool uh was it like I think it was like all these sensor so long ago for the gallons but cool ways of basically figuring out efficiency the distance between artworks high space anyway and so then we go and show this to galleries and so and I'm like check out like this like look at this website this is where your art will go and we're going to help you discover it this really cool algorithm time the galleries are just like who is this like 22 year old with a website in my gallery you know they're like what what are you showing me why the hell I ever


04:24:30

salon: associate my art my artists with you know some kid like the website and so it's like a sort for me like again just a really naive like not facing through a lot of business stuff spending a lot of time and energy on like the tech algorithms without really understanding like needs of things quickly. So yeah, spent a long time trying to figure out like most people they talk about chicken and egg about you need enough supply to have demand supply. In our case, we just just to get the supply and it was like no one wanted to be a part of our site because they were all like well who else do you already have on board? It's like that. It's like that Allen club like I I I would never want to be a member of a club that would have me or something. It's like everyone only wants to be part of a party because there's already cooler people already there. So yeah, so for a while we were kind of in that low. Um long story short, we managed to network our way in to the top like biggest galleries in the world like the Ghost and Pace Gallery.


04:25:40

salon: And we basically said to them, hey, you know, you guys are big major galleries. You sell really extensive, you know, massive artworks, six, seven, eight, nine figures. Really, we're not going to help you sell your art when they want, but every gallery we're talking to is just asking who else. It's a normal sign up. If you guys come onto our platform and you invest in the company, we give you a bunch of equity and then everyone else will want to be a part of it. And if you believe the future of the art world is going to eventually be online, um, you know, we're the right team to bet on because, you know, you're going to know how to do the tech, you know, whatever that means. And so they they bought it and they've invested and a bunch of crazy powerful art world people and tech world people all sort of piled on this like crazy you know party ground you know all these kind of tech people like Jeffy and Larry Page and um you know all and it's a really crazy time like I remember I was like fighting bank America over streets like my card leaving it like my personal bank account was just like I wasn't in debt and like major respect not so debt that's not there all else failed I can you know go live with my parents so I'm not going to try and pretend I was there's people way more out there but I do remember being like wow like


04:27:11

salon: that and that's all these guys worried like be two weeks of left and I remember that first slug investments in that round like Larry had like gallery like Wendy Murdoch and Josh Larry all these like crazy people on it was such a like crazy rush of like holy s*** they're not going to die and oh my god all these celebrities and powerful people that I would you know I I sort of always saw this crazy leap bouncing top like believed in us like wanted to back us at home, you know, suddenly real like publicly just to do some of the texture of emotional experienced. It's like, you know, the front of the line, all this stuff for like a young 2-year-old off and on outside of what's cool, you know, it's just like a real sort of, you know, euphoria. Um and then you know I think there was also a bit of a bit of a crash really there where like there was kind of like that big eye it was like a big wo where it's like that world that sort of artle world maybe there's something I just remember think to myself oh f*** like what have we done we just told and like is this the is this the like like there's this vibe of it just felt very um I don't know just more like that party kind of vibe and then there are things we want to do why are we actually doing this like but you know ultimately coming back to the reason we were creating arty was


04:29:05

salon: to make this world accessible to kind of bring down the barriers to entry so that more people could be a part of it more people could get to experience the joy of art just the love of one feeling it. Um I think for me one of the big lessons there that I I try to apply whatever I work on and I often tell other entrepreneurs that advice is that it's really important that you have a mission that you can come back to at the end of the day because there's going to be so many crazy that are super euphoric and you feel like you know and then there'll be like the lows where it's like you know the worst and Having a mission, I really just are like a f****** egg. I got no money out of this. And if I die, I would feel like this has made me move forward in a direction that I believe that it was good. Like having not to come back to even I just think is critical. So if you don't have that, it's just it's just so hard I think to not be taking off also just like just to enjoy yourself, right?


04:30:13

salon: Like there's a certain anxiety. It's like, so yeah, you know, like I just fast forward, you know, then you're going to go build business and that was hard. U the art market is the last major consumer market go online. Uh even convincing galleries to put pricing on a website. It took us 10 years until we had over 50% of artworks on our city with the price. Imagine you're trying to make a mark and that's not a buy button by the way by to be able to click buy is even less but like just a price as a marketplace to sell s*** no pricey works for decades. So, you know, we eventually got there and now I think, you know, I think probably over 70% of work show prices and most works under like 20K almost all have prices. Um, some of the rapidly grow percentage have purchases generically to take care of the shipping, the handling, the insurance. Um, fully global marketplace. um you know 2,000 mile hour transaction business purchases all over the world. Um but uh you know now um now by far by far the world online marketplace profitable and you know billions of dollars gallies around the world say I think you know just to sort of fast forward to the end still of the opportunity in front of us explaining but um but yeah I think we got like a pretty place that a lot of companies maybe have to get to.


04:32:02

salon: Um, but I've reflected a lot on that. It's taken a long time a lot of over 150 million to get there. Um, I think RC would have been a great like second or third company to start. Um, like I think if I if I could have done it all over again, I definitely would have done things completely differently. Um I I think some degree the timing you can't really change timing like I think of the wave which is what we have to help manufacture the wave and get comfortable like listing online price but definitely what I'm doing this time now is so focused like I love fun technical challenges and if anything I'm actually way more RC thanks to collab back in the day. with RCI. I had to become a whole like externally I was like a fake extra weight just like pitching creating fundraising you know and I was good at it because I actually just love problems. So I love that I'm doing my starter but I am so focused now like who are my customers? What are their problems? How am I solving my problems of making their lives not just like a little bit better but way better and how do I get paid for that so we can be profitable?


04:33:36

salon: Um because just like that is so much you know first 10. Um and I guess one final thing before I pause again. Um but yeah definitely I'll be doing this isn't getting s*** publicly you know I'll be open that I face any very serious mentality objects it's good to talk about that feeling and uh people don't know for help it's there's a culture like you're always crushing it you're always grinding you're always good how's the story going we're crushing it you know it's like just you know I feel like because even with like friends of mine I sort In my mind, I was like, well, they might even if they're a friend of mine, they might be having dinner with BC next week. How's RC going? How's Carter doing? you know, so it's just like people Caesars, they kind of sniff out, you know, um how things are going and um and so I always sort of felt like I had to put on this, you know, front and uh it eventually got so bad that I Yeah, I'm real stupid in this room like I'm basically diagnosed by a manic So uh and I have the other like a super deep depressive episode and it was a very intense time and I was very lucky that co-founders helped sort of like all running a company like 200 people like you know like having pulled together to focus just you know dual things need to do but


04:35:34

salon: um yeah that was a really intense intense thing that happened but you know luckily it makes a lot of money after I hired the CEO of the paper program in 2019 was able to really focus on mental health I've been diagnosed by three now so like five years without medication so that was a big part of my personal journey incredible demand. So now I'm also trying to build in a way where it's impactful, it's fun, it's solving your own problems, it's making money, but also like I'm doing today, you know, not letting myself get, you know, like not put up too much about trying to turn myself into another person and you know kind of create this unsustainable character with myself that ends up sort of splitting in half. So that's sort of the final piece just on personal use of that. So um so yeah happy answer questions. I want to ask one first. Um I'd love for well two things. one of the you dig in more to um how you like picked a customer or like learned to dig into those like did did you want to be in the art world or spend a lot of time with art buyers or guess art collectors or artists in this double side of the market anyway some questions about that honestly I I love my dad is a smart writer and an architectctor I just he always would take me to shows and talk to me about it as a kid.


04:37:18

salon: People said, you know, it just felt very easy and welcome the way anyone will talk to you about music or film. So, I never found that like hang of art, you know, the art world, but I have this very innocent privilege from introduction to it. So, I think it was that pure passion for art and tech that kind of led me into that world. But the funny thing is is like a lot of people say, you know, I never actually see you at any when I was at art and all these events is actually events or anything. I'm like, you know, I find these environments a bit overwhelming and uh as I've gotten more back in touch with like my treatments like I love people community like yeah I just I think I love the art and I love going to like a show. there's like a lot of people I have to talk to, but like yeah, I think part of the reason why like I probably just a natural path for me because you know like our current CEO Jeff and it's he just can't get enough.


04:38:16

salon: He is just going to every show every for me I love the space. I love I love the technical challenges. I love the people. I love the culture. Um but like yeah right now working I think our lines like the customers actually it's funny. So that's what um what makes a startup a good first startup as opposed to second or third startup? Ideally lots of capital builder to be sold off but we know as far as like SpaceX but it's just a massive industry the major players that partners we compete in the world in the market but they're older than America it's like super entrenched um So yeah, it's like a lot of entrenched behavior change and you know we had to become their back end. So I was excited about the front end consumer experience like this together. We have to build all the software inventory online price it just like a lot. How would you encourage everybody who's here given the unique nature of the collection of vehicle and opportunity that we have to like best coordinate to eliminate the the obvious problems that plague early stage companies?


04:40:12

salon: Yeah, it's hard to know without knowing people comfortable because I don't know what the honest prompts are for you guys. I mean my my sense is it's a very like more technically strong group like more of these interesting technical problems and you know I think the classic shape of failure mode I see entrepreneurs like that speaking to myself is building a really exciting solution that's chasing problem um and and I do think there some of the coolest s*** in the world we currently sometimes have to just arguing. That's the whole point of research. That's the whole point of being a university and just like tinkering and having a eureka moment and finding something super cool is like it's not always obvious what the commercial application will be. But what I will say is the farther away that is from where you are tag that is, you know, someone's got to pay the bills. It's like you're who's paying the rent. It's either you or it's your investors. um and that rent is going to continue to have to be paid by you or hand or your investors um until you've connected that dot to a problem in the market that the customer want to pay.


04:41:31

salon: And I was just very like naive to that personally. So I tend to emphasize that. But you know I also don't want I don't know if that's actually the issue later sings but that's probably the most common. I think that sounds spot on. My question is kind of related. Um, do you think that anyone would have still spent the same amount of money technically today given today's tools? Uh, and do you think that would have changed your mind about like how passionate you are about them or how how much you're connected to the project? So I think the risk with the tools today is it's it's addictive using these tools. It's it's like a god and the benefit is obvious. But the downside is it's more fun to just use the tool and get results than actually step back and think really hard about like what we use it for and what customer problems you're solving. So I think if id had the tools then I I almost wonder if it would have I don't know probably would have been helpful in that right but um the thing I really would have done differently is I actually built a lot less stuff and just focused on like what did my customer actually need and just built a really basic that they needed you know um I mean yeah again the art project though was pretty cool and I think people can tell that it was like I We thought this stuff way too much.


04:43:01

salon: We had a whole team of art store like catalog and everything and like you know maybe we can but I will say people thought it was cool. They could tell me car like you think that kind of help me but you know like I focused on making it like a social network which you totally know Boston social network but they're going to do that now. Yeah. But I tried to do that before it was on the buy. But I was just so excited about that idea social network so much sense but not before any could buy something. It's kind of closing my mind still exactly to build there's all the operational complexity that kind of you guys had to solve from stuff and then there's like the the customer users uh and who you're selling to within the marketplace that you mentioned um where would you say your guys were just like advantage moments and uh and where did you end up like what was the hardest thing most important thing was was it tech in the end was it figuring out complex supply chain and re reinventing that was it really understanding users and what we needed uh and and how to like solve their problems was it all all eight levels our biggest asset that we brought was the combination of art and tech there's a lot of people trying to build stuff from the art side to understand the industry but super just not in all.


04:44:43

salon: There were tech people that lost cool ideas and algorithms and but like didn't know how to actually connect into the art world. We were able to do both. And a huge shout out to like you know Wendy and Dasha and like this major people who came on and like really supported us um and and making those hand Wendy Murdoch to that was just like right and so you know it really brought both sides of the bank together and so but yeah I think the hardest thing was getting critical mass of getting to come online and then to actually have pricing and make it possible to buy s***. change. Ideally, you ideally you want to start off riding consumer travel. We kind of had to like like I said, we had to kind of make the way which and did you do so like when you made the way were you doing up on the lower end is that usually most startups go bottom up in our industry that's brand driven. You actually can only go down wherever you start when you actually start with the top galleries and then move downward.


04:45:49

salon: Even though you come Yeah. So sorry for those top galleries the product like their most expensive pieces or was it the the like retail consumer market you start with these sell? Yeah. I mean sold millions of dollars in galler. So your client was the galleries not the consumers gave us of subscription on the platform. Now we also have a transaction fee when you purchase the large seat tickets and if you sell the large ticket uh there's a part you you fast forwarded through I would like to hear you just like talk more about um I really don't care what you talk about whether it's like reminiscing on what you did good and what you did bad but like really fast forward to this part where you said Oh, then we did a bunch of networking and then be honest and I I just want to know like what happened like what happened inside or like like what like you Yeah. Like what were you doing? What were you doing when you were networking? Like what were you doing good? What were you doing bad?


04:47:05

salon: Was it like lucky? Like was it just like you just kind of likeworked and then you got artwork? Was it intentional or is there things that you need different? A lot of luck. I mean you remember the concept of lot of surface area kind of you know just it's like all luck but it can also increase your surface area. Yeah, I was just going I was new to in New York City and didn't know anyone so I was just going to a lot of events. Also, I didn't have any money so advance and just yeah just like networking and period and um and then I think we applied to the tech scrubs and we got in tech battlefield battlefield pitch there traffic even though we like but we met we met Chris introduced us to Josh thrive introduced us to introduced us to man that art world beneficial for us and Josh was extreme connected us with people so that was like a shoulder for Do you think it was like that in your network and it wasn't necessarily like a strategy to it? Like it's more like you said is there anybody just talk to people?


04:48:43

salon: Yeah. Are you are you asking is it important to network in general or like did you have to get better at networking? It's definitely a steal. Yeah. I mean, um, I I literally studied it and helps me killed, you know, I was like I was like super nerdy. had trouble talking to girls. I studied like pickup that stuff you know like back in the day and you know so I read these books and like that stuff really like a lot of it's super toxic and like I don't recommend it at all actually like the cities but what was powerful though for me was just this idea of like socializing can be a skill like getting people get on to date can just be a skill any other skill practice just like that was a bit of like an elma for me and so yeah I would just go and I just sort of like I mean I can still know but like it doesn't just learn ways like networking connect one last question like how often like how much were you investing in this versus like heads down working on your products.


04:50:04

salon: I think I think it would be phases though. I think it just depends on what the needs are. Like I think it was a little bit like if I needed to hire people or meet people that I wanted to more or if I want to find investors out more network because I didn't have much work at the time. So but you know now I try to really not as much but I mean when I found this post I was like well this is great. couple years working on stuff that's kind of related to stand my co-founder of Edge City to get super super high surface area like in one month. Oh yeah, I'll say that final. Your alignment piece is really key. like just trust your instincts and your sense of resonance like I'm just feeling called in this thing and if you don't know why the flow falls that's almost the best I would just say follow follow more and more for me I just think can I actually trust myself followition and then always be self-reflecting on because otherwise there's infinite things you can do in places I don't know which of all you can have is that intuition that universe tell you something intuition.


04:51:32

salon: I'll say that was really cool. Um I I there was there was a point I heard that I thought was like particularly brilliant around the uh giving galleries equity. Is that did I hear that right? Yeah. I'm uh I absolutely love this idea. I like I've heard that like pizza and their origin story is doing something where all the banks is purchased. Um, and this is like the second use case, right? Second uh deployment of something like this that I've heard of like pre- crypto because I think this is like this is becoming like a common letter in crypto although I don't think there's like tons of successful examples of it. I'm curious if there's anything that yeah could better there was also a great I appreciate you working on that because that's actually advising other founders that is a strategy I so often I think so value actually in responding to really well they actually asked for pretty big equity chunks like basically yeah Larry and Dasha and Becky and we felt like they were really big at a time in retrospect was like such an excellent deployment of um because if you are selling if you are selling into a industry where it is very like heterogeneous things it's like power structures and it's brand like there are some real like key players that started you absolutely welcome to get on this in your thing.


04:53:34

salon: So, I actually fig I didn't come up with the idea. It just sort of happened. But like uh I recommend that a lot for people. Again, I think it depends if you're selling into like a pretty homogeneous industry maybe doesn't matter as much. Well, like yeah, my current company approach and you're proactively all the people that were sort of vulnerability potential customers and code designers. I I personally think that uh I really think community owners to refund us a little bit is the future. I don't know maybe I'm looking this year. I sort of feel like once people see how it takes I think it gets a bad rap or it's there's been so much you know people just trying to use it as a get rich quick scheme. So I I feel like there's a lot of baggage around it. I'm not talking about using it as a fundraising mechanism. Not that it can't be but I think people using fundraising mechanism it's true potential which is what's really creating alignment alignment network and the people using and I think that misalignment as well as major reasons for the initification of the internet is you have a bunch of investors over here who want short-term profits people over here who want better product experience and these guys want more ads these people want you So I think you can break that level.


04:55:00

salon: I think I think it really makes yeah that's one lesson. I think alignment is everything makes so much easier. It's like business model alignment for the business model. What is good for your company is also good for your customers and make the world. I know it sounds so simple but there's so many so much for the internet is actually noted that way. If you can just make sure that how you make money and everyone wins everything downstream of that alignment, think of that as like the foundational architecture of the goal that you're building. Um, and I think I think ownership does that too. It just creates a line between customers. Um, and you know, I think I think the companies that don't need that eventually another company will another network will let their customers be like where's going to go over time. So I really feel like the future foret is actually at least for I don't know about enterprise maybe enterprise too but for consumer I actually think the future is going to be like you can almost look at them as essentially um but I think that can be true like a lot I've kind of internalized the opposite advice which is that especially for uh first time startups who are like just learning how to see PMF and do you know product development that but doing anything like that would distort the kind of signal


04:56:25

salon: that you can get because then you'll be relying the way that you described it is like you'll proactively they're not like responding to the equity so much that you're not figuring out what you need to figure out about what they like or don't like about your product that maybe just the right amount or not enough that it don't you want to keep yourself honest that is a very important point um what we do in our case is we just we've actually proactively offered it like people will start we work with communities communities continue to start working with us they're just helping us and then you just say hey you've been really helpful there's some equity it's kind of like reciprocity vibes basically just like giving energy um but our design is really good about is like to keep us honest we need to do what's called 90 user research just random people off the internet you have zero relationship together we battle testing everything just people off the internet and keep ourselves honest because that's a very good point some of that can tell you what you want to hear most important things just be likely describe the posters has like milestones uh about how you like build the company and then put itself down.


04:57:57

salon: What would be the steps? For example, the first milestone I want to sell person is like what could be the like milestones for for my first company. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And help me understand what what do you hope to learn so I can help in my mind answer your question of what what would that help? How to do that for your company? No, I'm just like thinking maybe like the faces of of the company or like like where were the biggest like learnings or verifications the debate I'm now on the right for example I got this first piece sold so I I must be on the right thank you for the idea that's perfect okay so I already told you the first one which was can we actually get galleries to watch our books right Great. So that we talked about that one. Okay. So what do you need once you have galleries actually like because they all have systems. So was actually getting inventory and digitizing it. But then you have to actually get in front of buyers and selling it.


04:59:14

salon: And that would be really hard because by the time we got in front of buyers that inventory will not scale things like fresh inventory is what's most. So then we got into the classic chicken egg thing which for a while dies. The big unlock for us was yeah this is definitely I think a relevant thing for a lot of startups is like you're trying to like boil the ocean. It's like where can you just simplify the microcosm so in our case that was arts. I don't know if you guys know what art fairs are, but they're basically like a giant conglomeration of galleries and collectors like Art Bosle and you've heard of all these people like fly in with a bunch of gallery signs by it's a little microcosm, right? So we did a deal with the Armory Show which is the biggest New York art fair and we basically paid them and said hey we'll pay you to host the army show on art city and so that was and then but then we had to get the galleries who were at the army show to give us all our inventory and none of them like dealing with digital images.


05:00:16

salon: So we literally got our like celebrity billionaire like co-founder/investors for throw a fancy party to like the hottest club or whatever in New York City at the time and we invited all of our download partners and we sent to RCP um upload all your art upload your army showing And we ended up getting like 99% like participation by the galleries in the Army show. And when it launched, it was like on Arty because people in art fairs went up. There's like like people like spring to get like the best coolest most you know rare artwork right before someone else buys it. We had it all on arty seven days before the art open. So for the first time we saw consumer metrics which were pretty flatlining just suddenly go like this during the show and we're like holy s*** like that's when you first know you actually got marketplace and then of course it kind of collapsed and then you got to do your next fair next but soon the fairs kind of built on each other and eventually was like now we're basically like a 247 365 day here art fairy story I simply got 99% galleries.


05:01:40

salon: There was one gallery that was lighting was so sick and disgusted by this just aggressive Silicon Valley display, you know, like really they're going to try and like bait me to get to the party as a little inventory. So, I'm like sitting at like the opening dinner for the army show like the big night before and like the person I'm like, "Oh, what's your name?" And it the owner of that gallery and I was like, "Oh, s***." And she goes, "Who are you?" First on my partner, she just you're the crazy and she just seems to like lay into about how just like cheesy and like you know just like lowbrow that like tackling it was you know you have to sort of you know be willing to respond to that tough to hear or Oh yeah. One time I sat next to a woman down who u was also in the art world and had watched like a collection for the inventory. We watched a collector like art galler asked for it. So he watched it and like happened next to dinner like a week later.


05:02:54

salon: It's like she hated me and she's like because but it's like I get it took her baby. She sort of felt like we were like gonna put her baby out of business. So again, she was so upset. So yeah, we had a few moments on the just like you're a very out there company also very public space. So you know occasionally you know people will get really upset. I think it was it was fine. I think she ended up like apologizing after a I think she just sort of realiz she did end up trying, you know, we never I'm never again. She's so mean. But like didn't she was like we have like a if we're like working with someone seems like extremely important like your work like your company or like a co-ound or something like how what is like the best way to approach kind of like allowing them to have the space to kind of like take care of the mental health even when it is like like a huge hit to the company if they like take time off or something or like what what did your like co-founder do for example to like make you feel like you have the space to do that?


05:04:29

salon: Yeah, it's a great that's a great question. That's such a hard I think it's just a really hard question to be honest. Um my co-founder I mean I was still at the company every day. I was very present but it was just like I was hiding out. So that was sort of our situation. I I would wake up every morning extremely depressed and anxious and I had like a whole routine of like working out and a cold shower and then like a script I had in my head for how I could like socially cage and show up for this and keep trying to do that and like just sort of help, you know, and then like when I had got this kind of possibly comfortable kind of stuff. So that was more I think each relationship is just different, you know. I think for some people in this game right now time off it's like you know you need time off and I think the sad truth is often people need more time off is always available in the moment and that's a really tough judge at home because you're a startup that's like you have finite resources and your finite energy and time and patience you get customer base and we went through that startup man I got some yeah I should have a good I just think I think each case is I guess what I would say is be clear about your priorities priority is to the company sometimes when you get so close to someone you know you just actually care about them a lot like um I think it's just


05:06:02

salon: important to be clear about which hat you've got on like your cat's a friend or your cat is like you know someone who's responsible to make You can tell more uh failure stories could be yours or of other entrepreneurs you've advised. Don't raise that. I mean that's obviously like sometimes debt is dead in technology like there's bubble. Oh, we raised debt and then interest rates went off and then our market went down. Thankful for our shareholders. So be careful. Uh you be willing to take more like you turn down term sheets later. Yes. I mean this one you've heard a billion times but like ironing and firing you know like I don't know anyone who fired someone and said I wish I like I've never heard a single person fire someone and not say I wish I after you get you know it's almost always so just Um, so you know, one of my biggest mistakes is I think one of my like codependencies was I have this stupid insecurity that I didn't believe how to do anything. So I started in college and I was kind of like a computer science major, but like I wasn't like a real like I was actually physics almost but the point is I didn't know how to actually build s***, you know?


05:07:58

salon: I was just like decently smart and then I didn't know how to actually run a business. So I think I've always had this like underlying insecurity of like I don't actually know how to do anything. So I became obsessed with hiring to the point of like I think it was good because it kind of I recruited amazing people but I think sometimes I got this codependent where I just felt like oh I need this person I need you because I I can't do it myself and so I know at least for me that can cause some real errors in my so I think just like but each person's version of that's different but some people are the opposite you know like my brother is like I'm an independent thinking he's like I can do everything myself and it takes him a lot to trust other individual biggest points in leverage you have because it's not just output it's also your happiness your motivation your ability to think clearly if you're in like a a dynamic with someone that's not healthy you all that pays down um so I think hiring and firing It's like probably one of your biggest readers that is where it's almost like getting into a romantic relationship because all of your personal stuff whatever is not dissolved from childhood your parents feel it basically in my experience will project out into your fine decision then it's just like how you relate with your colleagues.


05:09:27

salon: So I think that's that's investing that self-awareness a lot with business. What is your favorite mistake that you have done in the direction? What is my favorite mistake or like anything that you think at the time that is very bad but then later on good. Okay. What seemed really bad at the time? Excellent question. Um well sometimes I would get really certain things didn't work out certainly and then find out later that person I wanted to hire that wanted some examples that come to You know, I hired my um I hired my best friend. I thought that was awesome. And then it started not working out and then we like didn't talk for some years. That sucks. But then like a family became friends. So, you know, life was long. Also, definitely have some very close relationships sort of get burnt out. you're working together, but like ultimately together, you know, yeah, I don't have any relationships. I don't want to bump that. um what are you most taking with you into your new company and maybe talk a little bit about how your new company works because I know I hope everybody here uh knows how this and so like both I think from like a um like cultural and company building perspective but then also just from like the technology choices that you're making and like um how you are taking the lessons and like the your understanding of the world how it shifted during this last


05:12:03

salon: company next week. No, that's a big one. Maybe I'll give like a shorter version of that now and I can catch up with people later saying it's getting a little late. Maybe I'll give like a like what we're working on now is basically well I talked about it last night basically supporting healthier communities. Uh and the main way going about doing that is like a trust based network uh that uh gives communities access to the communal agent also the communal earl but while preserving encryption guarantees so keeping everyone's data completely safe so it's not it's not going out to other parties outside of the um that's basically what it is and it's also extremely to our client as Also people with great value for the community get ownership as a community trust that's I needed but yeah that's my business and I think the main thing is that I'm taking with me in this kind of stuff I said which is being really focused on my customers problems like so much more than I like see there are really high at this point you didn't actually write We didn't really invest in the building that we're building.


05:13:27

salon: It turns out to be pretty technically just until we had really strong validation with a lot of leaders. You know, willing to pay you what was this with random leaders that I'll say I'm just so much more grounded about that. Yeah, I want to I want to be profitable and creating real I want to know that every day whatever I'm spending my precious energy on is like going to make people's lives better is going to turn into sustainable profitable business just being really focused and really grander than that. So we're still like the vision but I say I spend a lot more time now just like what is going to create this value today how can I bring this problem down the first value like I think some people are really good at that like that's I tend to be more like visionary like more like chakra and like I think some people are really good about being like right but what's that first little ship they on I've been really having to practice that still in iteration, but I'm really enjoying it. I've kind of like flipped my CEO architect right now really like problems and working.


05:14:41

salon: Um whereas with RC I was end of the world coding in the beginning but I was really sparing people. Um so yeah but realizing that as much as I love stuff it's more adaptation for me like interesting activity like kind of like my little you know problem solving. So I would say that's the other biggest thing I think I'm doing that I really love. I want to be able to build a sustainable layer. I think it feels anxiet how I create today like doing what I enjoy doing like if I don't know if I'm not loving it if I'm not going to get the same kind of help. That doesn't mean that I say that I think about all the emails s*** that's popping box too like let all that stuff drop. I think the more you can align what you enjoy with what is going to solve a real problem with your customers. It sounds so simple but I just think if you just get that alignment everything else kind of slows downream like that's kind of like your agent files or yourselves just like value in a way that feels aligned with your passion like that's just fileing it makes everything else easier.


05:16:04

salon: So, I'm really drawn to keeping myself, you know, treated this time versus myself. Are you expecting to have like a much smaller team and like do do you have like a natural sort of team size like you got to a certain size? Told some stories about having um entire team of art historians was cool little it grew I think after you continue to grow in just company size after hiring a CEO. Yeah. I mean ours is around um 200 people. We're actually more a bunch of layoffs during this party. But um yeah, I think for company I'm really curious to see how long this I think that's the magic of like data driven companies is just be so much smaller and you're getting so much more with AI. Um and um yeah, so I'm going to go like pop stuff. It's like I have a guy in the Philippines. He's like amazing. He's like $12 an hour. Like between him, it's like just a lot. I don't think person obviously smaller. Is there like any like commonly founded startup wisdom that you think is like actually out of date with like changes that that maybe everyone's everyone's still doing the old playbook but they should actually be thinking more.


05:17:40

salon: That's a very good question. The answer is absolutely yes. Maybe it's just I'm trying to I mean I definitely think that with AI diversity perspectives and experiences that is a gather because I think a lot of intelligence just is now available to everyone right via these rules. So, like I really liked it. Don't sell my point as a kid. I mean, I guess that was maybe always true, but I I just think it's like even more true now. It's like the best models are like extra experts and I just think that like um it's Yeah. So, I say that's one thing I would say it's interesting like my co-founder against some of the noise out there. So, we'll see whether or not that works out. But so far it is after a period now. Um, you know, I would say she has like an entrepreneurial background, like she helped start companies, but like there's always more like branding community organizing and go to market. And it's just really interesting to see someone like that who's like not like using the AI tools.


05:19:10

salon: Like it's just really interesting when you can have people who usually be pretty far away from the products like really involved. So, like I don't know exactly what that means, but I just think it's um I just think it's really exciting to have people coming from very different perspectives who wouldn't usually be in the technical space or the product space in there now. So, you know, you hear stories now people say pedigree matters a lot less. I think it's like another angle on some of some add-ons just like I I still think if someone did really cool s*** and you know was really smart before they're going to be smart now but I think it really opens up the space for like wild cards. These people are really f****** passionate about something like it will not stop to like figure it out. that person is so dangerous that you like go away in the natural learn. So those are some of my operations but I also think I'm kind of too early like I kind of want to make this company success and then maybe I'll have more confident opinions.


05:20:23

salon: I'm definitely doing it very differently and I just find myself like s*** like why I just realize any questions really appreciate. Thank you so much. Where's the name? Last question. We I wrote a little name generated algorithm that generated every permutation of domain that started them all. We found art. Syrian domain name. I had to get Hillary Clinton's signature. was she was at the time secretary of state. I was like crazy story and yeah it was like it worked and then told there was a war in Syria one day our site went down and we had no way to debug it. It originated in Syria in a war and so we had to switch to happened is there which is for small and like there was some big internal thing and they just had the Yeah, we're trying to debug it and like there's like this it's coming from Syria and like well can we also like no this was like it was bad Now the data. We're going to have a a big talk uh later in the program from um people working with the nation of Tuvalu witht water rising around them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Thanks so much for inviting me. Yeah, that was a fantastic kickoff for that. See you. Thanks for being uh
Wiki: Hello.


Transcription ended after 05:22:51


This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.