LSDan  0:00
Very much for handling that,

Speaker 1  0:01
sure it's

Hang Yin  2:33
Hello,

Speaker 1  2:35
hello, Hank.

LSDan  2:37
Oh, hello.

Hang Yin  2:39
Morning. Is that morning on your side, is exactly the noon.

LSDan  2:49
It's exactly noon.

Hang Yin  2:50
Yeah, nice. How is the event? Is this like one hour, one hour session, and you know, is that like all for me to present something, or just like a more loosely organized do

LSDan  3:24
I think this is more loosely organized for anyone who wants to follow along, and for the recording and transcripts later, just to kind of walk through of how to use DStack. What it is, what are the components, you know, generally high level for a person who is deploying a CBM on DStack,

Speaker 1  3:49
that was a good framing. Yeah, nice, nice. But I think we should wait a bit, or

Hang Yin  4:01
so this is this is a real time right,

Speaker 1  4:04
yeah, it's we have the computer set up in the salon, so yeah, but I think we would wait a bit, like five minutes, maybe

LSDan  4:18
participants, and I also have some audio equipment that I'm about to bring into the room, which should give you a better speaker for everybody to hear you.

Okay, thanks.

Speaker 1  4:31
Meanwhile, you have a couple of minutes to set anything up if you, if you want to prepare,

Hang Yin  4:42
I Okay, just switch to my desktop. Is there any, like, a video, like a camera there,

Speaker 1  5:02
like in the salon,

LSDan  5:04
yeah, there is, yeah. Can you turn on the camera on the laptop? Russell,

Speaker 1  5:14
hello.

Speaker 2  5:15
Hey,

Speaker 1  5:18
hey, we just thought that it

Hang Yin  5:28
looks like, hello, hello, it looks like this is the same room as yesterday.

Andrew Miller  5:35
It is the same room as yesterday.

Hang Yin  5:38
Okay, nice, nice. Hi. Hello, Hamil Cie. Hey, hey. Hello, you're mostly based in New York.

Speaker 3  5:54
Yeah.

Hang Yin  5:56
Okay. Nice, nice. Wow. I'm a little bit genius, like so many known people are based in New York. Very few people are still in San Francisco, you know. Everyone in San Francisco has become a part of the AI AI hype, you

LSDan  6:40
Yeah, I have an adapter in arriving today that will let us make a speaker. I think I might have that for you now. We have to choose between hearing or boiling.

Hang Yin  6:58
What is boiling?

Andrew Miller  7:00
It's really hot. It's like 90 degrees in New York right now, and because we only have a MacBook in the center of the room if the air commissioners are on, can't hear anything.

Hang Yin  7:16
It's super cool in SF. Well, it's even

Andrew Miller  7:19
sounds great.

Hang Yin  7:21
It's even a little bit cold here, so I have to

Andrew Miller  7:25
the same temperature as always.

Hang Yin  7:27
Yeah, exactly the same temperature as winter. There's no season in San Francisco, I Yeah, let me open a few tabs, I Errors, then do you think you're going to show the vanilla DStack? No,

LSDan  8:14
I don't have that set up at the moment.

Hang Yin  8:17
Yeah, I think that would be great, because on my side, I don't have a vanilla DStack, so I will just demo using the cloud.

LSDan  8:26
Yeah, that's fine. We can do a vanilla Dstack at some point in the future. Still working on getting that machine online, I

Hang Yin  8:50
so I think I'm going to just very quickly show the, you know, one on one of using Dstack using the Jupyter Notebook demo, as before, and then I can also show a little bit. The service mesh is pretty interesting.

LSDan  9:16
Sounds cool.

Andrew Miller  9:19
Will you show any private inference also, and I'm interested in the HA proxy console. I don't know if that's part of service value.

Hang Yin  9:36
Ha proxy console. Oh yeah, that's right. I basically ask AI to do most of the tests, so essentially the service mesh, or you know, the high availability stack has the service mesh.

LSDan  9:57
Sorry, do

He can unmute himself now. I accidentally needed him when I was trying to mute myself.

Speaker 3  10:16
Oh, again, you have to unmute yourself, I

LSDan  10:27
Maybe I can unmute

Speaker 4  10:36
you, should mute, unmute yourself.

Hang Yin  10:46
Oh, okay, okay.

LSDan  10:49
Sorry, that was my doing.

Hang Yin  10:50
Okay, nice, nice. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I was saying that the high ability stack includes the networking layer, the database layer, and each of them has their own like dashboard, but some dashboard, even for me, I have never seen that, because AI just does that for me. So, I, yeah, we can give it a try. I'm not quite sure if all the like dashboard is already there and accessible, all

Speaker 2  11:39
right. I think

LSDan  12:43
Someone want to say something. I think we may have sound.

Hang Yin  12:50
I can hear.

LSDan  12:51
Oh, it hasn't switched yet.

Hang Yin  12:54
Okay, yeah.

LSDan  13:10
Okay, can you say something again? Han,

Hang Yin  13:12
hello. Hello, can you hear?

LSDan  13:14
Yeah, it's not here. Yeah, I can't hear you, but it's not coming out of the right speakers for some reason.

Hang Yin  13:25
Oh, you may need to change the input and output device,

LSDan  13:32
that's the sound effects I see. All right, say something again.

Hang Yin  13:38
Hello, hello.

Speaker 2  13:40
No, it's What

LSDan  13:43
browser are we using here? Safari. Hold on, I'll be right back,

Speaker 2  14:02
I the I think

Andrew Miller  14:52
Hello, is it good

LSDan  14:57
I

Yeah, I don't know. I think we just have to go with this one.

Hang Yin  15:08
I feel I feel the voice come from very, very early, very, very far place. The sun is very far I

Speaker 2  16:40
Okay, I think I think

LSDan  17:39
Yeah, can you hear

Hang Yin  17:40
us? Yes, very clear this time.

Andrew Miller  17:49
Does this mean we could turn the air conditioning back on?

LSDan  17:51
Yes, indeed, 15 minutes in that shit brutality. Okay, well, I think you may as well get going whenever you're ready.

Speaker 3  18:10
Okay,

LSDan  18:11
other participants

Hang Yin  18:13
and good.

LSDan  18:15
Thank you for bearing with us through the technical difficulties.

Hang Yin  18:21
Nice, nice. All right, so should I just start presenting? Okay, seems like I can present now, I To make this larger, so you can see that clear. Okay, and I'm going to show just quickly show how to use DStack, but before that, let me quickly introduce what Dstack is. So, I guess probably most of the people have already got some basic idea of trusted execution environment, and there are, you know, the hardware side, the operating system side of the configurations and setup that usually take a lot of time, and what the Dstack does is basically as long as you have installed the Dstack on some capable hardware, you can use that to easily deploy your own application, so it takes care of all the low-level stuff, and you just need to care about your application. So, how does it make it happen for you? All the things you need to take care of is your Docker containers, so basically you put your program in a Docker container or multiple Docker containers, and then you write a Docker Compose file. You can copy-paste the Docker Compose file to DStack, and then Dstack takes care of the low-level stuff, setting up the virtual machine, run the operating system, boots into your application, and during this process it also take takes care of, you know, all the tea stuff like measuring the boot sequence and give you the valid remote attestation and allow you to verify that. So that's like a long story short. D stack just takes all the burden to deploy on the on te, and you just need to focus on duplication, and here, because this day is a fully open source project, so if you're interested, you can get into Dstack dash te slash DStack. You can see all the source code, all right. And I would, I wouldn't go too deep, so I would just show you a very basic example and feel how using Dstack looks like, so the easiest way to use the stack is use the Phala cloud, basically it's a hosted version of the stack, so you can just get an account and get some free credits, then deploy some distack cvms, so here if you have registered one, then you can go to your dashboard, and this is a dashboard. There are plenty of virtual machines running now, but I can deploy a new one. Just click deploy, and here you can see basically you can define the Docker compose file, and the Docker Compose file can be arbitrarily, arbitrarily complex, or it can be very simple. So, now this one, the default one, is very simple. It's just a node next GS starter template, basically run the front end, so you can access this front end, and you can define the ports, so if you have some like http ports, you can define that here, and it will generate a public, publicly accessible domain endpoint, so you can access that through your browser or from the other application, but just to make it more fun, we're going to deploy a slightly different workload. We are going to deploy a Jupyter notebook. So this is a very simple example, and I will just copy, paste it here, and as you can see, this image is from Jupyter official, so we don't make any change on the workload deployed in the Te, and we expose its port, so in this image it has support 8888 and we expose it as 8080 so later on we can access that through 8080 and we also have some other conflict, but it doesn't really matter. The second thing is we can give it a name, like this can be a Jupyter demo, and then there are a bunch of things I can choose, so for example, I can choose the KMS provider, and what KMS does is it's actually like the authentication for this TE, so which TE can get its own identity and its own, you know, like keys for everything, including in dista encryption, including the network end-to-end encryption, and the easiest one is we just run like a KMS managed by the cloud, but at the same time it can also be anchored to some blockchain, like base or Ethereum, and in this case, it's even more decentralized, because then only the owner of the of some smart contract can change the configuration of this CVM, but just keep it simple, we're going to use the default one, and then you know, like, we can, of course, we can choose the size of the of the instance can be a small one, larger one, and can change the storage, but let's just keep it default, and another very interesting thing is it's very likely if you deploy some, if you deploy some service, it's very likely that you want to share some secrets, so for example, for this case, Jupyter Notebook, I don't want some random guy just come here and use my notebook, that will be a very bad situation, so I can define some token, and I don't want this token to be known by anyone else, only myself token. So to do that, we define a variable in this this Docker Compose file, and then here we can add it at a encrypted secret. So, for example, token, I can give it a, b, c, d1 234, and this encrypted secret is actually end to end encrypted, so although I put it in this white page, but the web page encrypted that in your browser, and then send the cipher text to the CVM, and then the CVM can decrypt it. Okay, then now I can click deploy, and you can, you can see there's is this is showing starting, and if I click logs here, you can see the log, so it's essentially Linux running in the virtual machine, and in this virtual machine the difference is that it's TTE is te aware, so it knows, okay, I'm running in a te and I can produce some remote attestation, and just in case you don't know what a remote attestation is, here we do have some, we do have some documentation, and let me find it. Where is that? Okay, attestation, and here it shows why do we need a test station, and how attestation works, and how we can verify that, but to keep it short, if we run something in the TE, we want to make sure this is really the program running TE, not a fake TE, right, user wants to know the difference, so the way to prove that is all the TTE hardware are capable to generate a proof, and this proof is called a remote attestation. And here, okay, it's already running, we can get into that, and then I will continue to explain. Okay, you can see now this is running, and if we click ingress, we have defined the port 8080 here, so if we click this URL, we can see this is the Jupyter notebook we just deployed, and the password is ABCD 1234 which we just defined when deploying. Okay, all right. So now we get into this Jupyter notebook, and as you can see, all the other application deployed in the CE got a URL located to that TTE virtual machine, because this in this way it gives you a default end to end encrypted communication channel. So basically to to a very like a very simple explanation is that now you have you have a TLS connection terminates inside T, although the actual architecture is a little bit different, but basically it gives you this guarantee, and you can also see there is string here, so this string is called app ID, whenever you have deployed a Dstack app application, you can get an ID associated with this application, and it is exactly the string in this HTTPS endpoint, so you can be sure. Okay, I'm talking with this application, not something else. All right, then we can do something more interesting. This is a te, so we want to do something only available in the te, that is the remote attestation. We want to verify this is really running in a te and how do we do that? So here I can install a Dstack SDK here, so I will just paste it here. You can see it runs PIP installed, and now we already have this Dstack SDK installed. And then we can copy this code. What it does is it imports the SDK from DStack, and well, DST client from the SDK, and then it can do a few things, like one is you can get the TE info, so what TE is this one, and second one is we can create a TDX attestation, so let's run that. Okay, so now you can see we got some codes. So code is the proof generated by the hardware, so only the TE hardware can generate this, and we can, we can actually verify that. So let me change it to show the full code. Okay, so this is a full code. It's a little bit loud, and then we also have a very interesting website that can decrease like extract, verify the code, and extract what's inside this code. So I click verify, and you can see there are a lot of fields in this code. It's called measurements, so you can see we have a lot of hashes, basically RTMR zero RTMR one two and three mr. means measurement registry and RT means real time or run time and we also have something like MRTD, so this is the measurement of this, you know, like how this virtual machine is configured, and mr. Config, mr. Config is also what is the program running in this CVM, but of course now everything you see are just a bunch of it seems like a random hashes, but how can we verify that hashes? Right, that's another thing I may touch a little bit later on, but now, as you can see, at least now we get this attestation verified, so that means that at least this is a valid remote attestation, really generated from Intel TDX hardware, all right, and yeah, of course, we can also do a few other things, like if we got an application, How can we get some key to be used in this application, so maybe you want a key for encryption, or you want a key for signing transactions on chain. So another feature provided by Dstack is that you can call client dot get key, and you get you give a Deterministic key derivation, and the IUeda Dents, H'ae, or Laertes, or Uatetate Sct, or you'll, so this, give your Ps, Ps, do so you can run this te in one hardware, you can get a key for your usage, maybe signing some signing some transactions, and later on you can always migrate this te virtual machine from one hardware to another hardware, and you can still get the same key, so it means that you are not bound to a single hardware, and you are not suffering from single point of failure, and that is provided by the Dstack key MS feature. So, in DStack, all the other workload is not associated with hardware directly, because it gets key from a key provider that is the key MS, and even if you switch the hardware, you still get the very stable, you still get the stable key derivation, no matter where your program runs, as long as it's a valid te environment, then you get the key, and this, this is also really useful when you have to deal with like encrypted states, you want to make your program stateful. All right, so so far I just show everyone how you can deploy something in get, get, merczcz, like, through, dered, nr'l, the end, M'rt, andcr, you're descsacdcr, mein Python, der, like, Merts, and I'm. what we left here is that you can still explore, like now this is a very simple Jupyter notebook, and you can explore to put more things in this, te so we do have a very interesting repo here is under DStack, te there's a repo called Dstack examples. It just shows a lot of different use cases, like how you can, how you can use this Docker interface to run a lot of interesting things. So to name a few, like for example, you can deploy a SSH server in Docker container, so you can SS age into this TE to run some arbitrary computation. There you can even just, you know, run a PT install to install whatever you like, and if you are familiar with blockchain, you can run light client in in the so in this way you can have like a very secure client running in the te that follows the blockchain and it can you can deploy something very similar to what people call the co-processor, it listens to the blockchain, and something happens on the blockchain, then the te just follow that to do something, or it can even post some transaction back to the blockchain, and you can, you can deploy, customize the domain, so here, like we have generated URL, but the same time you can also deploy customized domain using a component called the Dstack ingress, so in this way you can bring your own domain and it's still end to end encrypted and TLS terminates inside the te and yeah, just a lot of interesting stuff here, like you can deploy a Tor, so you don't reach to the reach to your CVM directly, you can reach that through a Tor service, and you can, you can even deploy a corporate small, like small version of Kubernetes in this stack, so like you deploy that a single virtual machine cluster based on case 3s then it's Kubernetes compatible, then you can use a Kuberct CTR to deploy more workload in a single virtual machine, so a lot of, a lot of cool stuff to explore, and the second thing I want to mention is verification, because although here we, I just show you how to use like Dstack to generate remote attestation, but verifying the attestation is still something non-trivial because when, when talking about the verification, you want to verify multiple things, like ideally you want to know what is the source code running in this te, then you need a way to link your source code all the way to the te measurement to those like hashes, and this tutorial gave you everything needed to do that, so you can see it. It shows you how to get attestation and verify your application, and it also, it also gives you some like libraries and tools to do so, and you can verify the platform, which is like the operating system. Operating system in Dstack is also built in the way that is speed to bit verifiable, so you get the source code, you compile the operating system, and then you can calculate the reference value of those hashes. Then you can compare the hash in the remote attestation. So, yeah, you can follow this tutorial to learn everything needed to make the verification fully secured. Yes. and oh yeah, and the final thing I want to mention is here, if you check this tutorial, it shows not only the stat, yeah, it shows not only how to deploy that using the white page, but it also has a CLI, so this CLI is pretty.. it's also very easy to use, so I can quickly show you. So, here we do have a Phala landing line and the best, the best thing about the main line is that if you run a cloud code or codecs, you can just tell it to use this CLI, so it can almost automate everything for you, like you have a program, you even don't, maybe you just have a GitHub repo and a Git repo, you can run cloud code and throw that the this documentation page, or even just give it the Phala CRI installed, then you can tell Cloud code to turn your program, containerize that, and the deprage on Fola's, I'm Odd, and Esme, it's, I'm, destack, so, well, I can't, I'm, how to, Isa's, so, you're, when I'm, I'm already, I'm, I'm, I can just run like Phala status, and you can see it's already connected and logged in as this H 4x user, and I have my workspace already linked, and then if I want to deploy the same thing, then I will just distack demo, I will just create a Docker Compose file, and I can copy paste this, and then I can deploy using one command, so Phala deploy, give it the compose file, give it a name, and then the token, so you can define the end-to-end encrypted token here, like ABCD 1234, and then it will deploy, so it's pretty quick, and on the other side, if I go here, refresh, then you can see, okay. This is the where's that is called the Jupyter Notebook. Oh, not from this account. I have another account, so should be here. Yes, this is exactly the program we just deployed, and we can even get the log CVM name Jupyter Notebook,

Speaker 2  42:37
so I

Hang Yin  42:42
think it's dash c okay. I forgot, I forgot the okay. All right, so this should be oh CVM ID, okay. so you can see, is it prints the log from the console in the console, so pretty good if you give it, give this CLI to cloud code, and you can also check the status. status of the VM status, you can see it shows the status, the configuration, and of course we can also access it through the ingress link here. Yeah, it works, and we can also destroy that,

Andrew Miller  44:00
so to be turned out to book,

Hang Yin  44:12
yeah, so very simple, okay, it shows deleted, all right, so yeah, that's so far for the very simple Dstack 101 demo. Any question, or I will stop here a little bit, and maybe anyone has the question can ask, or like LSD, or anyone from Flash Boats, if you have anything to comment, feel free to do so.

LSDan  44:46
There's so many questions.

Speaker 1  44:50
So

LSDan  44:51
you're the first one seeing this, and then personality. So, okay,

Speaker 2  44:57
yeah,

LSDan  44:57
PSAC

now, no questions from our side right now.

Hang Yin  45:11
Okay, okay, nice.

Speaker 1  45:13
Great, thank you.

LSDan  45:16
Yeah, I think this was a great intro. We, I started the recording right as you were starting to show deploying it, so I think we'll, we'll share this with other people, and maybe we can do a follow-up session later in the program if we need

Hang Yin  45:31
to. Okay. Nice, nice,

LSDan  45:35
awesome. Thank you, huh. And just a follow-up from yesterday, DMART asked me when we're scheduling the meeting, so I have a provisionally scheduled for Tuesday afternoon, pending hearing about your flights.

Hang Yin  45:53
Okay, yeah, I think I can confirm the exact time today at the end of today.

LSDan  46:01
Awesome. Thank you very much. Andrew, did you have anything else you wanted to go over in this session?

Andrew Miller  46:05
I wanted to do a demo of this Dstack web post thing. No one's shown in Paul's before. Let me just try to throw it here. Do you still hear me? I'm back here. I don't know that I've talked since we turned the AC on, do you hear me?

Hang Yin  46:25
I can hear, but not 100% Yeah, if, like, I understand you can. If you can repeat, then that's that's

Andrew Miller  46:38
just sit closer. It's fine. You hear me now, right?

Yes, yes, it's good.

Okay, so they've been using this for a while, every time I would make an experiment on DStack, I would have to go launch a whole CVM. So, the basic unit of the Dstack app is entire CVM, but that's bad for a bunch of reasons. One of the most interesting reasons is that the way that the TDX works on an Intel processor is that there's like a total limited number of CVMS that you could do, that's like on the order of 100 or so, a few 100 even on the huge hyperscaler like 128 core processors, so there's, in principle, some like, you know, limited number of CVMS that you can use, also just for, like, you know, the way that VMS work, like billing, reserving memory, the way that VMS work, like reserving memory, and, like, these, I guess, actually don't know that the CPUs are pinned that way, but at least for memory, it's kind of like, you know, a reserved trunk for a CVM. So, anyway, if I'm making like very lightweight apps or like responsive web servers that I'm not going to access hardly ever, it's like a waste to reserve a whole CVM for it, and then with like Phala Cloud in particular, it's like you pay per CVM, so I want to be able to have a lot of projects, I basically want something that's like in between dev mode and full production, maybe for like a full production app that I truly care about. I want to reserve it all isolated, and obviously I can just run a CVM and like leave my SSH key open into it and just like log into it and run little processes whenever I want, but then I can't provide any attestation to anyone about it, so it's like two dev mode and not production enough, so the sweet spot for me that I want is something where I have the option of dev mode, but I also have the ability to turn on like true no backdoor, like I can prove the whole attestation chain, maybe it's imperfect or you know it's aggressive in terms of the multi-tenancy. I'll get to that, like aggressive on-side channel defense, but still, where it's like I can prove that I cannot SS agent to this CVM and show you the app start running for it. So, basically, this is like a multiplexing layer, it's a single CVM, but within this CVM, you can run many different apps, and then for a developer, the basic model is that you can run an app in development mode and then promote it to a tested mode. So, when an app is running in development mode, you can SS agent to it, you can debug on the app, developer has full access to it. That, of course, means that there's no attestation meaningfulness to it. It's like not developer proof at all. Whoever can SSH into it can see and control everything, but then when you promote the app, it gets promoted into a way where it is now not access it by SSH, and then the attestation applies to it, so this architecture diagram is panning garbage. So I'm not really sure what to say about it. Maybe I'll just go to this. So this is like a documentation page about the Dstack web host altogether. This is my running instance that I have, so this is like the, you know, the project listing page for it. I only have one app here, this TimeLog one that is currently in a promoted state. I probably have a dozen ones that are not in a promoted state. Actually, the little matrix calendar bot that gives wrong information about the content for Shape Rotator is running in this, depending on how long I can let the tutorial drag on, I might try to promote one live during this. I have that kind of partially ready to go to the background, but I could just show you what this already promoted timelock one looks like. Obviously, as a time lock encryption demo, it's, you know, not too much like seals, something won't work for some good reason.

Speaker 3  51:26
I don't know how I botched framework.

Andrew Miller  51:30
Yeah, but as I haven't touched this in a long time, so like, why? Well, I mean, you know, but it doesn't matter, because that's not so hard. Let me see what, like, the verify thing looks like, does for it, so like the Dstack level of that. Oh, wait, I'm on the wrong stuff. Did it open in another tab?

Speaker 3  52:00
Open works, so the

Andrew Miller  52:07
level of Dstack attestation is just about the CVM itself, and the way that you like SSH into or not into the CVM is watch this explanation to explain it right, give me a couple of tries like this to pass the to say like this timeloc app running inside the CVM is attested. I need to basically multiplex the attestation for the CVM itself, and have a way that now this new layer of sub apps within my app runner can request attestations, so the Dstack web host itself like exposes a way that the apps running init can request their sub app attestation, so I guess I don't have a good visual aid, and I'm not sure what words are going to explain this super well. I mean, it is just another level of indirection, and what else do I want to say about this? There's two modes of how this works. Okay, maybe this is kind of the interesting thing to say, is like, so, how do you do this? So, this supports two ways of having sub applications that can be promoted to be attested and not have the way for the developer to go look inside them while they're running. One is using Dino containers or Dino sandboxes, so this is where you write your app as a JavaScript application, and it runs as different ENO processes in a single Dstack container, but then each app is a different process in that shared container, so it is relying on the Dino sandbox isolation for different processes within the single DSAC container. The other mode is you can run an entire container that is either in dev mode or attested, where you can't SSH into it, and that uses DVS, or I'm forgetting now, which is the right mode for this, it's the default container mode in DStack. This actually requires modifying the pre-launch Dstack script, so that it uses the GVisor-based, or rather, say, here it's not run C, but run secure C, so it's the same isolation mode that is that GVSor is based on, so that's how you can run an isolated container this way. Feel like this explanation was super clear, and I didn't have the visual aids that I wanted quite to be able to explain this, or maybe that's even just enough in a nutshell. Is what's the point is it's a way within a single CVM application, within a single DSCVM, you can have many different applications, which can either be in dev mode, where you can see full visibility into them, or you can promote them to a tested mode, where then you can prove to users using them that you no longer have any ability to influence their running or see the secrets that are running within them. I guess that's all. Did that make any sense?

Speaker 2  55:28
Yeah,

LSDan  55:31
like

Hang Yin  55:32
it. I like this a lot. So I think it solves solves to solves two problems at the same time, so one is proving and verifying the verifying the attestation with code provenance is super hard in the past, and the second one is like, how to define a very easy way to deploy multiple applications in one CVM easily, and especially like people all love Vercel, so this brings Vercel-like experience to DStack. I think those are really good. Recently, I'm working on a very similar, like a proof of concept project. Maybe we can just join the two things together. The start point is that I want to have a proxy, and this proxy sits between the user at the private inference providers, like now we have Phala provides some Te Gpu models, and so does it for near AI. Choose Teamfoil, and a few others, and everyone has their own verification and the TE standards, and the user is really hard for users to verify all of them. So I made a proxy, but then the problem is that how I can let users to easily verify this proxy, so the way I does it right, I do it right now is that I have a simple launcher. This launcher is a very simple script, it just pulls the GitHub repo from the repo from GitHub, check the commit hash, then launch a script in this repo, and in this way, because pulling the code, running the script, all happens in the te, so we work around the code provenance problem. I believe that's the roughly the same way as how you do it, right?

LSDan  57:41
Yeah,

Hang Yin  57:42
yeah. I think maybe I don't, maybe we can somehow, you know, merge the work together. I think this is super cool. You even get a dashboard for the program running in the te.

Andrew Miller  57:59
Yeah, let me see if I can quickly get this. I'll see if I can get my club to appropriately promote one of my dev apps. So, here are my, like, seven dev mode apps. You saw the attested mode, Tiddlock One, and you can see that these are either Docker images or are Deno process apps. escale,

Speaker 3  58:26
es, es, das, and

Hang Yin  58:38
ed, tore, ede, anddino well,

Andrew Miller  58:43
I basically have two modes that both do this, you know, multiplexing of all of the relevant things, like ins attestation and access through an SSH side, part for development mode only for the development mode once, one is based on the containers, and the other is based on Deno. You could presume, yeah, what? You, and that is just like, you could do everything just by the container mode. It's kind of like, whether you trust the isolation of run SC versus the isolation of Deno. Arguably, the Deno one is a better choice, because, like, although I suppose it's also like to get the reasoning through the threat model of this, especially regarding side channels, is kind of murky, because, like, the threat model is that one of the dev mode applications is the attacker, because you'll know what that code is, so, like, if I have, you know, if I provide

the go back to my demo to reason about

it, so if I say, okay, I'm using Dstack web host, I've made this cute timelock application, I want to now give users the link to the timelock application and say you can use this timelock application and trust it, because you can verify all of the source, and say the web host app itself framework has already been, you know, audited, so you can trust that, and you can read the source code for my timelock app itself. It's pretty straightforward. The threat model is that I get to log in and control all sorts of other containers and other non-promotive apps that are still in dev mode, but they're running co-tenant on the same machine, and because I have these two modes, this time lock one is running as an SES app, so it's pretty, you know, isolated in the Deno container as a Deno process, that's fine, but the unattested ones that are fully under my control include both other processes in, yeah, other processes in that same Deno container and other containers that are sharing that run SC environment, so they're isolated from each other through like a kernel all interposer, but still, you know, ultimately sharing the same kernel, so the concern is that you can verify the source code of this Timelock app, and you, including auditing whether it has any obvious, like, covert, the concern would be that there's a covert channel that's somehow the key that is underlying the time block application, even though you audit its source code, if there's something where, like, it loops over all the bits of the key and, like, writes to the disk or something, then that would expose a channel that potentially one of these applications that I put there, and I'm offering you the source code to see them, let alone an attestation chain, maybe those are reading this unintended covert channel from the supposedly attested application, the timeloc one here, and so there's the two modes of the Deno one and the run SC one, and so the interesting question I'm thinking out loud here about is is it like the best of mode security or like worst of the two so even though like suppose that the run sc turns out not to be secure but the Deno processes are isolated from each other if you can't it may be that then it's insecure if any of the unattested apps run in separate run SC containers, even though the target application that I want to say attested is only one of the isolated ones, that is like a threat model analysis, I think, still to do through this.

Let me see if I can force this to go there. Well, great.

Hang Yin  1:02:49
And how do you, how do you decide to keep both tested and untested this running in the same CVM at the same time, is that because you want to share one CVM for both development and running prop production service?

Andrew Miller  1:03:19
Yeah, exactly. I just, because I want, and also I want to have, well, it's a couple of things. So, one is, even if I had dev mode allowed, if what I want to say here, I may want to share with people one at a time, so even if I had a separate CVM for just production mode, apple, or SUDO production mode. I'm not planning their production, but just their credibly no backdoor, like credibly you can read the attestation. J dev mode turned off. I may only show one person the code for one of them, but not the other four, and another person, another one of them, but not the other four. So, unless you have to audit all of the dev mode ones in the one app, they still need to be regarded as threats versus the one you're auditing one at a time, and yeah, I just wanted to see it for a single CVM. Just only have to have one CD, you need to have both, and I guess the last one is also I want the gap in behavior between the dev mode one and the promoted one to be as little as possible, so the least amount of things change, and so really the only thing that changes is just disconnecting the ingress mode that would otherwise, not the ingress mode, but like the developer SSH access, or you know, Deno debug access is like restricted in one or not in the other. This is actually very similar to how one of the Flash Bots things works, I think. I guess I forget the name of it, but they have like a searching thing that is like they let their customers SSH into something, but it can't. It can only use test mode data while the customer has SSH into it. So this is so that they can log into the actual machine they're going to run it on, debug it, but it just doesn't have that access to privileged data. And then they basically have to lock out, they have to like log out of SSH, turn off their ability to update an SSH, and only then they can be allowed to have, you know, private data from into it, and then if they want to go debug it, they also have to basically like flush it from source, or like they can't see the debug data unless it's, I don't know, a day has passed, so it's all like you could be in two modes. Either you can see everything in it, as the developer, which is good for debugging in situ, meaning in the otherwise the same environment, with no access to private data, or you give up your ability to inspect debug data, but it's now, you know, it's now has access to the private data. Okay, so why isn't the source available? Okay, so let's open the probe. Oh, this is cool. So it lets me see what is the this is an app, but it's just a tell me everything about the environment that it's running in app, so it's at the run SC mode container, which is again not the default in DStack, but it's something that you can switch it to within the pre-launch script that you have, and there's stuff that you get to see, so okay, GVS or kernel When I click source, what's the issue? It's just an out there. I don't know why this little card shows mode and test it, but no source. I guess it's because it's one of the container modes rather than the Deno mode. Well, you know, I'll go deal with that after the at a later time. Okay, okay, yeah, that was the sol post. Okay,

Hang Yin  1:07:05
super cool, super cool, like that a lot. I would take that. I would understand that as this is a way that you can deploy program in sand boxes, not just for like development. Sometimes you just want to have some components, and those components are like sandbox, so you don't disclose this source code. You can run proprietary codes, but at the same time, we can also give some like a guarantee, for example, this component doesn't have the access to the internet. You can call the API to get it to request it, but there's no log and there's no internet access, so it's essentially secure for a lot of use cases, and there are actually a lot of people willing to do so, like they want to put their maybe their proprietary AI model running in the sandbox, so they can, they can license the access to their model on in some unpremised environment, so kind of like, yeah, this kind of use case, I think, can be like your, your sandbox can be really helpful for these cases.

Andrew Miller  1:08:28
Yeah, that would be, yeah, that would be really cool. I do think that, yeah, I suspect that would mean nothing in this really provides much support for that. It's only got the two modes that would be a natural next thing to add. Yeah, I think that's one of the having a convenient way that you can run proprietary stuff in kind of like a container where you can express limits of flight to the proprietary code, that's yeah, that's really necessary for last, I would say, last but very interesting application in some way.

Speaker 2  1:09:08
Oh,

Hang Yin  1:09:13
nice, nice. Okay, what's next?

LSDan  1:09:24
Anything else? I don't think so. No, you have any questions?

Andrew Miller  1:09:31
Oh, where did you get lost?

One six. on

LSDan  1:09:45
recording.

Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 5  1:09:52
So the thing with the creating the messages, right? Messages.

Speaker 3  1:10:00
Oh, yeah. Did you walk through?

Andrew Miller  1:10:02
Oh, well, I think the time block demo itself was not.. I don't know what the problem was with the time lock demo itself. I mean, I could even go look at, like, the code for this. I mean, the particular code here isn't much, it's like a single page server that has some kind of time lock thing, I clearly am missing some kind of, you know, bug in this tiny thing, but it's not a very important application. The interesting thing to show from it is just that you can get

Speaker 3  1:11:01
a Me,

Andrew Miller  1:11:06
you get to request an attestation from the overall Dstack CVM that then says, like, let me see if I can describe, like, what's the key thing here about multiplexing, like, when you ask for an attestation, um Well, let me do it this way. Okay, so how you ask for an attest station in your Dstack app? Dstack provides this like local socket, like TSTAC dot sock, that you can interact with. That's like how you, it's like the guest tools app. So, as a guest CVM, that's how you ask the Dstack host, like the overall machine, to give you the attestation about the code of this CVM, and there's a user report data field where you can put like 64 bytes of, you know, data, like often you put a public key there, and it's like the public key your app generated, and something application specific. If I just passed in that Dstack sock to each one of my little applications, then they could basically make attestations mimicking one of the other apps, so I need to basically put them in partitioned domains, so instead of allowing either of them to ask a raw attestation from the CVM, I give them each their own like sub version of it. The way that they keep them separate to each other, is you don't let them actually write the raw 64 byte user report data. You make, you pretend the hash of the app itself to the user report data, so they can influence the user report data, but they can't, like, masquerade as one or the other. They're like isolated because of having an extra layer of domain

Speaker 5  1:12:39
saying mini CVM, since I was CVM, yeah,

Andrew Miller  1:12:46
exactly, but then you have to only give them partitioned access to the resources that the whole

Hang Yin  1:12:53
CPS,

Andrew Miller  1:12:54
and then same thing is like with the dev mode tools, so normally in CDM debugging we have like an SSH side part, so if you're in dev mode, then you can log into SSH, and it even allows if you're in, if the whole CVM is in dev mode, and it even lets you SSH into the root VM, not just the little containers that don't need to find it, distax, despite these events in dev mode, you know, that doesn't matter, but now if you want to allow some of the apps in dev mode and some of the apps in a tested mode, you definitely can't just let the entire SSH have access to the host. You have to only allow it to have SSH into the particular containers that are allowed. Oh, I see. And then same thing with, like, the ingress, normally the ingress routes to like a whole port listening on the CVM, but here make it so that only it allows you to access like, anyways, some other layer of like interaction, so multiplex or thing, so yeah, MIDI CVMs within the whole CVM

Okay, I Stone,

Hang Yin  1:14:23
nice, nice. Basically, we just need an easy way for people to verify what's running in this te and this simplify the whole process really a lot, so Yeah, if we don't have anything else, probably I can just take like five to 10 minutes to share a few advanced things. I won't go to go into any detail, but just share some interesting stuff. Okay, so yeah, one thing I want to share is private inference. So we have a. we have a this is also a product by our team and what it does is I can I can have something very similar to ChatGPT but of course like one on the one side I can use that in the same way as ChatGPT it has a user interface I can chat with that, and on the other hand, I can also use the API for program, programmable, you know, use of the AI inputs, so here you can see there are a bunch of models we have, like a CIMI K 2.6 GPT OSS, and almost all the best models are available here, GLM 5.1 and I can just ask, it's anything like a what was a trusted execution environment, make it larger, and it will think, and give me the outputs, but the difference is that now I can get this, so this is showing te verified, and on the right side they are it automatically fetches the remote attestation and the proofs, it may take some time, but on the left side you can see it gives you almost the identical experience compared with ChatGPT, and if I go to RedPuil here, you can see all the available models here, so for example, Kim I K 2.6 and then you can use that in the same way as Chat GP GPT API, so also very similar to Open Auto, but the same time you can verify you can verify the remote attestation. So, here, if I go to the documentation, then you can see, yeah, it offers you the attestation report, and well, this is just the API, so you can request the remote attestation and verify what's running inside, and all the requests also has a receipt, so we sign the receipt with signatures, this guarantee you can verify this is indeed the outputs from Te and running with some model. Okay, this is loaded, so you can see it has the Intel TDX attestation. You can copy this and verify it somewhere, and also GPU attestation, because this model runs in GPU, and this is also a GPU te, so yeah, te is not only cpu t, there's also gp ut, so you can put the very large LLM running in a gpu t and get it verified by any user, so yeah, this is one thing I want to show you okay, so and another thing I want to show is recently we're working on a new stuff called a service mesh. Let me check if we have pushed the, yeah, it's still private. I will, I will very soon. I will market public access accessible, but now I can quickly just show you how it looks like. So, a very typical, well, like at the beginning, maybe you just deploy some simple container in one te virtual machine, but when you grow larger enough, you may have a relatively more complex backend. Typically, you may have database, you may have cache, a few back end, front end, and some middleware, and you want to connect them, so when things get serious, this is likely to become a bottleneck. You don't want to rely on a single CVM, because it can easily become a single point of failure, or sometimes the you just want to scale out, so you want multiple back-end, multiple databases to load the balance between them, and the solution on that in the 90 world is sometimes like you can have a VPC connect multiple virtual machines, but more modern solution is to use a service mesh. The benefit of service mesh is that you can have all the other workloads connected with each other, and the service service mesh help you to establish the identity between the workloads and permission control, and almost everything you can imagine, so that's so so because like service mesh is so useful, can we run service mesh also in D stack, and the answer is yes. So this this repo just shows how we can build a service mesh running on multiple CVMs and using remote attestation to verify each other. The use of that is pretty simple. So far, in this, in this service mesh repo, we have two things. So one is the infrastructure, it helps you define the service mesh, so you can deploy your own mesh network, and another thing is, it also comes with example. The example runs Postgres databases with three instances, and we use Patroni to manage the leader election, so that this becomes a high availability database cluster, and you can also use that to run your own, like a high availability service, because it's, it is actually integrated with a serious service mesh called the console by HashiCorp, and to run that first clone this repo service service mesh dot git or properties is not the latest one. This is the latest one. So first clone this repo, and then we're going to define, because in this service mesh we're going to deploy multiple CVMs. Do that by manually will be very tedious. So we also use Terraform to deploy a large number of the CVM. So here we have Terraform example file, just copy that, and once we have done that, we just need to expose the file I called API key, and then run two commands, so Terraform init, and then Terraform apply, then it's all finished. It's very simple, and once we have this running, we will have this applied. Essentially, we're going to have multiple CVMs deployed, and they're going to connect with each other. It's already handled by this service mesh infrastructure defining this repo. Then next thing is we also have, we have a web demo, and we can use this web demo to access that, so once we got the app ID, we can use app ID dash 8080 dot this, you know, Dstack Gateway Endpoint to access it, and what you get is actually this. Let me make it even larger. Okay, this Terraform deploy one coordinator, or it can be multiple coordinator if you even want service mesh itself to be high, high available, and then we have three workers, so worker three, worker four, and worker five, and each worker has its own stack of the stack of the components, so you have web demo, so this is essentially like a front end running in each CVM, and then you have a Petroni-like control plan for Postgres, and you have a Postgres Postgres instance, so in this case we have three Postgres deployed in three CVMs, and two of them are replica, and one of one of them is the leader that is managed by PatronI, and also the service mesh, and like, if you send a request to the web demo, you request one of the web demo, and the web demo can access the Postgres using like its service name, so in this case it's Postgres master to access this Postgres leader, but if it accesses another service, for example, Postgres replica, then it will, it will route to the remote because this replica doesn't run in the same CVM, so it will be loud, route to another CVM through the service mesh, so service mesh just take the, like, take over all the other cross CVM access between all the other workloads, so it goes to the service mesh to this according well. Service mesh is actually a mesh, so it did directly talk with another CVM, but under the hood we have a coordinator, so all the service mesh is controlled by this coordinator. This is the control plan, so that they know, okay, if we I want to access this replica, it should be routed to another CVM, and set it up, like, first we run those CVMs, and all the CVMs get registered in this service mesh, so the service mesh, no, okay, though there are three CVM, and there are a few like services available there, so they can connect with each other through this service mesh, and if I want to deploy, so if I like, I want to define my own service mesh, how does it look like? So it's essentially you just do two things, so one is you define the services, for example, we have two services, one is worker and another is API, and each of them listen to their own port, 9090 80, and then I can define the YAML file, so this is the Docker Compose file. Here I have defined the API. This is one of the service and the worker another service. You can define what is running inside those containers using the image, and then because this cluster is already defined outside, so the Terraform plugin help you to configure everything automatically, and then run. Okay, yeah. So I missed this, so.. and oh, this is exactly the same thing. This is a simple version, so it just exposes an API and a worker, but if we want something more like complex, so we can define the service mesh and with with a database. So this is the Postgres master Post-Grest replica, and they listen to the ports, and we can also define how they communicate with each other using console as a way to select the leader, so once we have this definition, we just run the Terraform deploy, it will automatically wire all the other services into the service mesh and deploy the CVM on all the, you know, target the CVMs.

Speaker 5  1:28:56
Yes,

Hang Yin  1:28:59
I wouldn't say like I'm 100% sure what's happening under the hood. Part of that, like, is is is coded by AI, as I mentioned before, but the point is now there is there's a simple template you can adopt this template to define your services and let Terraform to orchestrate for you, and eventually you get the console manage the service mesh, and you can get all the other features available by console in your cluster of TS, okay? So, yeah, that's basically what I want to share, and actually, there is something running, but yeah, so you can see this is the running CVM I have deployed earlier. Is it just follow the README file to deploy Patroni, and yeah, the service mesh coordinator, so you can even have multiple coordinators to make it more robust, but yeah, I, to be honest, I don't have, like, a lot of dashboard to show. I think it, it could be very cool to show the dashboard, but I don't believe it's exposed yet. So, once I have polished this repo more, and the dashboard is exposed, I think I'm going to share that with the in the Dstack Telegram group, so everyone can check it out, and if anyone wants who wants to run a cluster of the TES, we can discuss, so I can share my experience, and also like help you to set up the service mesh if you want. Okay, so does everything from my side.

Andrew Miller  1:31:13
I have a question, adding on the administrative.. this is still like one account owner doing it for redundancy as opposed to the peer to peer mode. Right now that looks more concrete and far along, I want to bring back that question of like what's the minimal amount of changes to this as a starting point that would make it where you could have a smart contract gated policy that allows people with potentially different accounts or different Dstack mountain file, or file, and other things to join it in a similar way.

Hang Yin  1:31:49
Yeah, that's a good point. I think the change is relatively small. Let me share the screen again. Where is that? Okay, so here is the no.. I let me switch to this tab. Okay, so here the the architecture is that, yeah, I think I should show you this. So, first, let me go to console. Let me show this. So, first is that we actually define something like this, right. So first we have a few workloads, and then we put all the workload in a service mesh, and then we configure that so all the other services can talk to each other using the how should I call that the envoy proxy, but invoice proxy work work by establishing the MTLS between the nodes, so part of the process is that we onboard the service into the Envoy sidecar proxy, and the onboarding process in this service mesh implementation involve remote attestation, and so you can imagine something like this, so in the in the coordinator site it receives all the requests from the from the individual individual CVM and the it verifies the test station against some policy defined in this coordinator and after the policy is matched, is verified. Then it, it will release the keys for each service to connect with each other. So this is how that works. And let me go back, so it shows. you, like, now we define basically, like, here we define the RT, the RT, I mean, how should I call that, like we define the configuration of this mesh, so you can see this is the source code, or like just the code, and then how the service mesh is configured, then in the coordinator it knows everything you defined before even deploying this service mesh, and then this configuration become the policy, and then this policy will be checked against the real request from each CVM, and it will check the te code, and it will measure the compose hash from the policy defined, so the compose hash can be tracked back to the Docker Compose file, and so far this is the granularity we verify, and then if everything goes well, oh, even including the KMS, you're going to run that under one KMS, not different one once, and if those are all those checks all are all passed, then this coordinator will will release the key for each service to connect with each other. So this is how that works. And your question is, how easily we can define this policy on chain? So I would say the only difference is that now, now this is just the hard coded in the coordinator, so if we use web this part out of the coordinator, or you just run like a simple client to read the policy from blockchain, then I think everything can work in the way we expect,

Speaker 2  1:36:22
so Well,

Hang Yin  1:36:29
yeah, there are some detailed information in this doc, but even I haven't fully revealed that I and well, when I was working on the service mesh, there is decision I need to make. So, how should we define the policy? One way is that we verify the exact code running in each CVM, so and eventually it, it become we define a few compose hash, and we have a white list of the compose hash, then if the compose hashes, we allow them to join this service mesh, and another way is we can, we can verify the app ID, so because the app ID is the unit you define the workload in DStack, then if we define a white list of the white app ID, you automatically get everything available in DSTAC, for example, upgrade ability, because upgrade, upgrade means you keep the same app id, but you can, you can update the code running under this app id, and app id can also, is also managed on chain, if you like, so if we instead, instead of verifying the compose hash, we verify the app ID. You also get the unchanged KMS guarantee automatically. But app ID, I didn't go with app ID, because that will make the deployment a little bit harder. I have to define the app ID first, then define the policy and wire everything together, and if we do with the compose hash, I can pre calculate all the measurements before the deployment, and then just deploy it once I

LSDan  1:38:51
Did that answer your question? Yeah,

Andrew Miller  1:38:57
okay, I

LSDan  1:39:14
Oh, cool. Thank you very much. I think we've come to the end of it

Hang Yin  1:39:22
now. I

LSDan  1:39:23
also have any other questions or on any distack related things you worked out for.

Thank you. Thank you. See you soon.

Hang Yin  1:39:37
Okay, nice. Hopefully we can meet together in person at some point,

LSDan  1:39:42
that would be awesome. We'd love to see you next week.

Hang Yin  1:39:45
Nice, nice. All right.

LSDan  1:39:48
Bye.

Hang Yin  1:39:49
Thank you for guys' time. Bye, bye.
