LSDan  0:00
No, risk

that they're potential

Speaker 1  0:04
marks.

Andrew Miller  0:04
Yeah, they're local, all new tapers. I have no idea why this guy is going so slow. I mean, you do like set it and then check back in a while. Do you like being able to, you know, now that I am at my laptop just doing it, I like to log into the graphics card to check it out. I did a folder called Olama, but I am using just master.of llama dot cpp, and I'm just using parameters that I copied from the pseudo in Sue guy, and he always uses the same benchmark, which is one shot me a game called Octopus Invaders, which is like Space Invaders, where he has like a more detailed prompt of all the graphics and game conditions he wants to see, and you know his theory, and seems to be borne out by all of his benchmark threads, that that's a pretty decent separating request, you really see a pretty consistent, you know, spread and quality of response. Interacting with, like, a sonnet or any, or a GLM full one, but it is - it doesn't like go nuts. You can give it.. well, I give it the.. I don't have the whole Octopus Invaders game that I use, so I just have these generate like sphere things. It also seems like it's doing a poor job now. I wonder if I didn't actually turn on the right model. I rebooted right in time for this demo, so I don't know if I can make it go better. I might come back after, certainly that's like a thing you're supposed to do in this agent, but I don't run any cron jobs on

Speaker 1  1:59
it. I

Andrew Miller  1:59
have to share my graphics card, because my wife also uses this for scientific computing. She has to do Fourier transforms a lot, so we just have to kick each other off of the graphics card in order to do that, but I like knowing that the graphics card's getting used. Are we very open to all? No, I had spent a lot of time using Eliza long ago, before the models were any good, but I guess in a different, in a different mode, only for like the social media posting rather than for our other tasks, but that was before I had gotten good at using coding agency there, so my, you know, expectations, um I briefly tried Open, not didn't get very, didn't deal with

Speaker 1  2:50
it, but

Andrew Miller  2:51
I remember why not. Also, I started using Herbie's agent, really just at the same time I also started using the Z AI API things, and it's just like, oh, I'll try this just to have the alternative to, yeah, just my backup, mainly like proper, like I want my backup to blog, I feel just incredibly productive in blog code, switching through three to six tabs, and then it was like, oh, maybe it was, I overused my subscription for one week, and then went to trying out an alternate thing, and then kind of found that using Ruby's as a coding agent was adequate, and then once I wanted to try to, like, talking to it over bots, got something kind of close to this setup. I don't know which parts of my setup are, like, you know, particularly useful, so I would not say that I felt a strong difference between open polygroups.

Shashank  3:47
Do you like, you said, the user? Have you actually, like, did you not get into economic machine with your parents?

Andrew Miller  3:57
I've given these a bunch of GitHub access copies. I've made a GitHub personal access token, and just like click all, instead of, you know, read, write to everything. Now, trying to be a little bit more giving them, you know, specific. Actually, yeah, I give this one like a personal access token that scoped to a single repo, and I usually haven't put stuff there.

Speaker 2  4:21
Share sharing for tokens with dry analysis for these agents,

LSDan  4:29
sharing it with what

Speaker 2  4:31
I see that I'm,

Andrew Miller  4:36
yeah,

Shashank  4:37
this agent is always on soon. Yeah, okay. okay,

Andrew Miller  4:45
I don't have it set up where it's responding to anyone else, so I do feel like I'm only, it only is listening to me, I don't have it set up to like auto respond to anyone in other channels, which was something I was wanting to do it, the last time, about agents of the lives of Toleian getting bomb, so this one's like, I mean, I'm still like taking all sorts of short, you know, tech debt security, tech debt shortcuts, like passing tokens around places where it's really not safe to just like less reputable API providers, so I'm not exhibiting clean offset in any way, most of what I'm doing, you're also

Speaker 2  5:30
not just a prompt,

LSDan  5:41
basically this is the talk that causes half of the cohort. You start attacking the other half through all of the open security balls and their practices. It was great.

Andrew Miller  5:52
Yeah, yeah, it's true. I'm not running cron jobs. I'm not. I went into tide open claw. I did have it go like you know, set up front. I set up like research cron jobs and multiple watching prom jobs, and that's obviously risky, is that there's a straight go up. I guess the worst of the internet also keep access to all of your tools available. How you do that, like do that, and then think of what you want to do. I did, I ran that on a virtual machine. Okay, so yeah, I've never done those like on, I let clog code run pretty much all over my laptop. To keep it for your game a whole lot now that auto modes come on, that's now the mode that I wanted. That's been pretty productive, and in between those, I liked using her knees on a VPS because it would go for longer because it was in dangerously permission mode, because it wasn't just one on my laptop. I also had some good luck using just a virtual machine on my desktop computer, so then that would be about rubbing this all over my desktop within a VM, so that's not bad.

Speaker 2  7:11
Shall I ask you about your cloud code setup? If

Andrew Miller  7:15
you want, I'm really hoping that other people will like just say I want to go next and show something, so I kind of feel like I hit the okay, well, so this guy posted to the one GitHub access that he has a repo to, and okay, so I have a WebGL beach ball with impressive scroll to zoom and drag to spin kind of shit, I usually get better, but I guess we can blame GLM, so that's pushing to get up with a scoped to one repo access token, it's called Smithers toys, because the main thing that I was using was for, okay, you know, maybe this was fun. This sucks, use Smithers to organize this guy is so reliable, you could tell he's reliable, because, like I said, you know, I, if you scroll up, you'll see some of the other videos that he's posted from, you know, similar things. I did just reboot my computer, so I don't know what it is that accounts for it being stupid, right? 80 degree booting should be rendering some MP form OpenGL trick. I do have on here Smithers, so you know if it's using Smithers correctly, it should structure its work by thinking of a multi-agent flow using these agent templates that Smithers has, where there's like, you know, 40 of them, but they can be like judge or review, like analyze, and then go back to the beginning, or allow it to pass.

Speaker 1  9:00
Make sure to say

Andrew Miller  9:02
I mean, I suspect there's way better. I don't feel, I mean, I feel like I have a lot of room to improve on the workflow, like I feel like I should be in a mode of using. I know that there are various Kanban things I should be like kind of continuously providing, like I still feel like I'm either I'm in a session and locked in a ish for a bit or switching between a bunch of sessions, so again, like something number of qualcode tabs is all about, but then when I'm off, I'm off, and so I don't have like an agent that's constantly doing productive work. I'm confident I could make an agent that is spending tokens, but I don't think that it would be. Oh, that's a great

Fucory  9:46
way to make it like

Andrew Miller  9:49
that. That's my stupid agent trick, and that's using all local from my laptop end to end encrypted over matrix to my desktop computer, and we can fully get noise channel,

Fucory  10:05
their way to make it like, so like, like all future, well, not all future, but like until I tell you otherwise, all future messages, please like put it in a thread, that way you can have like different, you know, I mean, like different different things going on,

Andrew Miller  10:23
oh, and like I see what you mean, like to use the threads in there and make a thread for what I really love with Smithers is that it's like, oh, kicking off a workflow, and now, yeah, I can,

Fucory  10:44
yeah,

Andrew Miller  10:46
I could just do different rooms, so on the, you know, subscription, I can do this, it's like the same bot, so configured the same thing, it's just an extra room session, so I can do it like that, I Um, that's just now using multi threads on my subscription for the local model on my graphics card, and there's nothing to gain by adding on a whole lot of concurrency, so they've been kind of stuck there,

Shashank  11:14
um Know,

Speaker 3  11:21
I don't know.

Andrew Miller  11:27
Well, okay, I should be able to do skills. I hardly ever do any slash skills, like I never deliberately do a skill. I assume that most of what I have here, if I look at MCP, I'm probably only going to see teleport router one. Yeah, so this is the only skill that I have. I pretty much just have a vanilla quad code, I think. I downloaded someone's um guide for f and see what my quad looks like. Okay, yeah. This is personal thing. I hit full guide. I don't even think these are useful anymore. I would have set these around like this on it 4.5 or something. I do have a system prompt that's related to the router, you know, recommending times that it should post to that. These things look like tips I downloaded from something that might make its organization better, I I assume this is like what a very lazy first thing spot system looks like, and I only do this like switching between tabs, never like watching a whole like array, all of my things like once they just like I I assume I did like a face that everyone finds very familiar, but has also like that was one or two phases ago. Okay, who has something else to show? Ideally, it should have the form of, you know, ends with like posting something cool into the Block Noise channel. Yeah,

Speaker 4  13:07
something

Fucory  13:08
like a show. I don't want to show off Smithers, because I'm gonna like do that. Yeah, any screen share? That's the easiest way to do anything out around screen. There's a meet linked in the in the element and

Speaker 4  13:56
a request

Speaker 1  14:12
Perfect, I

Fucory  14:27
Oh, well, Claud's still thinking I'll definitely get a wild cloud still thinking, so the skill called a web UI skill, and basically, like, very little thing, but it's kind of, it's kind of nice and cool, because basically what it allows you again to do is let's say, like, I'm having it like come up with the plan, and if Claude would, I shouldn't have had Claude on extra high, because Claw's been thinking for like two and a half minutes, but what Claw will eventually like show off what it looks like, but basically what it allows you to do is like just it will like create the plan and markdown like it normally does, but then it will use MDX, which is basically like if you use like a docs framework like DocuSaurus or Vox or Lintl Py, they have the ability to like kind of import markdown and turn it into HTML, so basically what the skill allows you to do is like, hey, render the plan, but keep it in markdown, so it's still like token efficient, but then use HTML to make it like nicer to read with like tables and stuff, I'm about to like killing quad. Oh, there it goes. Okay, so this is what I.. so this is my prompt, actually. So I just said, 'He's the skill in this repo to explain to me how this repose architected. And then this is what it came up with. So it made a markdown file as normal, but then, like, I get to read this like HTML human-friendly version of it, which is kind of nice, not like a huge thing. This isn't gonna like change your life, but I think this

Andrew Miller  16:38
is, we look at the skill, or like, what I'm

Speaker 5  16:41
like, how it's built, or yeah, experience

Andrew Miller  16:45
what you told it.

Fucory  16:46
Funny thing is, I don't even know if I've looked at the skills yet. The

Andrew Miller  16:50
most opinionated, I'm also trying to form what's a reasonable question. What's the fifth that you have? What are you proud of

LSDan  17:00
in the

Fucory  17:02
I I just think this is like I'm actually pretty shocked this isn't already built into like cloud code or codec, so basically what I'm proud of is in like three to six months or whatever every agent's going to be able to do this, I think just because it's like such an obvious idea, this is using like a thing called a web UI or web view, which is like if you've ever used Cowry, or if you've ever used, what's the other one? Yeah, Tower is, I think, the most popular one, or what's the Electro bond, if you're electro bond, that's what this is, but yeah, it is like I just

Andrew Miller  17:48
love as a pop, like as a whole fresh app, right? That's the thing, it's not running it in a browser, like you're not making a file, and then opening the file, you're just like popping up the app,

Fucory  18:00
yeah, it's basically just, it's just like taking a HTML file and just like shoving it into a web UI, which is, we'll just use like the lightest way way of rendering it, whatever's on your machine. So this is, I'm a Mac, so this is just like a little like mini Safari browser, basically rendering HTML, but it's not like connected to the internet, there's no server running or anything, it's pretty likely.

Is

LSDan  18:27
that just plot code on your MacBook,

Fucory  18:30
like TMUxed into different

dangerously? So, while we're showing off while we're being unsafe, I'm just dangerously skipping permissions here, so yeah. If anybody would have prompt injected, got some secrets out there. I can show off this. I guess I have the.. what.. what I'm in right now. This is like.. I don't have a name for it yet. My current name, I'm calling it, is Cap Swap. I think this is like a thing I joke about, is like this is this is like what every single app is gonna look like. I think it's like a crab, like every.. I don't know if you've ever seen this stuff, but like every animal is like it's like a joke, is every animal's like evolving into a crab, because there's just so much like convergent evolution of things that aren't crap that like evolve into a crab like form, and I think this like general like arc browser sidebar with like a little chat GBT app in here is like basically like the crap form that all apps are currently like evolving, just, but I was actually trying to pitch GD Mars on this, like, I guess, like, what I would encourage everyone to do is, like, not even use this, but actually, like, build this yourself, because it basically, what I built here is this is this is lip ghosty, and so lip, it's basically like a terminal ad, and it's like lip ghosty, and then I just basically customized it, like vibe coding however I wanted, so I can like I can even do stuff like open a browser in my terminal, I can like really quickly. There's like keyboard shortcuts, I can do stuff really fast. I can like open it, will like auto detect what I have installed. I can like quickly open up Codex sessions. It's basically like T Monks right now. It might be broke, yeah. I've been vibing today, so it's broke right now, unfortunately. But yeah, and then it's it, yeah, basically like what I'm, what I'm kind of pitching here is like it's really easy to take like these open source tools like Ghosty and just like customize it perfectly for your workflow, so I think, like, and it's a lot easier than you think, so I think this is like one of the big productivity unlocks that people don't really think about, it's like customizing this stuff, so this is just it's very simple, but just has everything that I want, and it uses a thing I go called Zmux. Zmux is just Tmux, but like I rewrote it in Zig and got rid of all the features I'm not using. It's like lighter weight, because I'm going to actually make this later. I'm gonna make this like a web app, so I can use it on my phone channel stuff. Have any like vibe, like five coding stuff? I could show off if anyone wants to go. I'm running out of stuff here. I'll keep thinking, see if I can come up with anything

Shashank  22:00
on it, see. right.

Fucory  22:06
Now I use.. I prefer using Codex for almost everything. It's actually the first time that's happened in like two years where Codex became my, like, both my what my favorite background model and my favorite model to drive, so I use like Codex low to drive low thinking to drive, and Codex extra high thinking, whenever it's running in the background, but then with Smithers I can actually use pretty much any, any model, depending on the Kate, the use case, so I'll usually use like Gemini for front-end stuff, and then I'll use clock for, like, I don't know how to explain, like, tool calling things, like things where it's just like its only job is to like read something, and then call the correct tool. Actually, use like Claws Sonnet for that, if it has, if it has to think about a lot, or if it's like important. Otherwise, I'll use Kidney for the same thing. The reason why I say that is, what I found is Kidney has a lot less, I don't know if there's a word for it, but I call it attention, like if you give Kenny like a very straightforward thing where it only has to think about like four or less things, it's gonna usually nail it, but like if it has to kind of like keep in mind more than that, I find Claude has a lot more attention to be able to do that well than Kenny, and I try to use as much Kenny as possible, because it feels free, like I have a $200 subscription. I've never used the entire thing, despite like smithering, despite like running in crazy background agents and stuff, I've never managed to use the whole thing, so I try to squeeze as much Kenny in there as possible. I don't think I'm using enough. A thing I'm going to start doing, actually, via adding a feature to Smithers, is I'm going to start whenever I have a task done, like say I'm using, because basically it's it, I don't use Kenny, just because I'm like kind of paranoid, I'm like, 'Oh, I don't know if Kenny can do this. I'm just gonna use Codex. So, what I'm gonna start doing is basically like having it automatically run Kinney side by side with Codex, so I can like more often compare outputs and start getting more confidence on when I'm spending too much money using Codex. When I could hit me, I won't get like a better intuition on that to save money. Is there any other models? I think there's about it's not really a model, but in terms of like harnesses, if I really want like if I want to drive like the Rolls Royce of harnesses, I use AMP, which let's see if this actually opens. I think this, all things equal, if you, unless you're like very good at configuring Py, this harness is is just so well configured that, like, you'll get, even though it's just using Claude and Codex under the hood, it's so well configured that if you do the same prompt in this in this harness versus like Clawed Code of Codex, you'll probably get better results. They do a lot of work, like doing evals and stuff, so I think of like Py as being like the ultimate hackable, hackable configurable agent, like almost like the VIM of agents, and then this is like the via, I guess, that will hit for people who hate VS Code, but like pretend you like VS Code, so my metaphor works. There's like the VS Code of agents, it's like pre-configured, probably better than any would configure. It has really nice features. One of the nice.. oh, this is a tip I can give. Actually, so one of the nicest features that has two nice features, actually, is one. It gives you less context window than the models actually support, which is actually a feature like it will.. it will cut you off at like 200k tokens, even though Claude could support more, because, like, their benchmarks basically say, like, after 200k tokens, these models get really stupid, and then it has this really cool feature called Hand Off. Well, I guess I should probably, like, do something, so if I do, like, hand off, this is basically like how they, this is like their replacement for compaction, basically. Oh, yeah, I don't have any credits right now, unfortunately. I'm sorry, I'm very broke right now. I guess I haven't been using AMP, but I could, I don't think it should add well, screen sharing, but anyways, hand off, basically, like, you like it, just like forces you down the right path of like how you probably should be compacting, which is like before you, when you compact, we like want to like give it like pretty clear instructions of like what to delete, what not to delete, and stuff, and you want to do it pretty often. It forces you to do it often, because the 200k token limit, and then it also has, and you can do this in other harnesses. So this is like something you can like take from AMP, which does it for you, and like just like manually do it in Claude and Codex. It will give you, it will give the agent the ID of the previous chat, so that if it has to, like, go back and find information, and it still can, which you can do with Claude and Codex too. Where you, you would base to do that manually, you would basically just tell it like, hey, I had a recent chat that started at like 1240 Can you have a sub agent like search that chat for the information, which will really help? That helps with like Christian action's lossy, right? So you can like make sure that like no information is lost by like specific for anything important by specifically asking it to like go back to an old chat and search that, so that's something I do a lot that I've seen a lot of people don't do that you can't do, but like I kind of learned it from amp, so I would actually like encourage anyone like just because I think this is like the most well-designed, opinion-added harness I've ever seen. Just like, use AMP, I think they give you like $5 and free credits anyway. It's just like, use AMP, and like kind of like think about like how it works, because it's it's very well thought out in pushing people towards like the context engineering practices, has anyone else used Jam? Because I think, like, most everyone I know who's ever used AMP only used it because, like, the company provided it. It has, like, cool team features too, like you can, like, send the link to your, like, co-worker, and they can see your amp thread, and like, they can like interact with the

LSDan  29:25
no updates in three months. I'm

Fucory  29:33
sure it's just I haven't been using recently. I've been using a lot of codecs

LSDan  29:38
recently. I looked at that repo, and actually I think the one that's like no updates, no updates,

Fucory  29:49
it might not be, it might not be open source, I'm not sure, it should be, it should be pretty well maintained, because they did just add something shared. I think, what else?

Hudson  30:06
I have a question. So, do you have, like, workflows or, like, specifically, like, more web design? Like, anyways, you like, these meetings for that, because, like, you know, I'm not a designer, and, like, I said, plot design is pretty good, but like, you learn through those credits so fast, and I wouldn't be able to like have a good design flow without needing to be good design.

Fucory  30:33
Yeah, I don't have like any.. there are skills out there? I don't.

Pr  30:43
Yeah, I mean, so like, reprounce the stage MCP designs, and then it looks into the browser and fetches will be nice, and then creates it, so if we just click one for like reality, it's pretty generous.

Fucory  31:11
Yeah, I would say I would actually say anti gravity a lot when I'm doing UI, and I do think I do think Gemini is the best at doing designs, but before plot, Claude Clause, pretty good to think of it the right skill. I think when you do design, I think I guess my advice actually would be to don't be like you're like a hacker, you don't really like, there's no like technology you wouldn't, you'd be scared to like learn. I would, I would actually encourage you to take that to design too, like you're not going to be a good designer, but you can easily learn the basics, like in a day, in terms of like kind of like being like a media, like a D minus D plus C minus designing, right, of just like learning, just like kind of learn the basics of like how designers work, like in terms of like making like a color palette, and then having a design system, and if you like learn, because it's one of those things where just literally learning the vocabulary of design, like how a designer speaks. You'll actually get better results out of the model by talking to it like a designer, and any, you don't, you won't have to have like the creativity of a designer, because like Jeff and I will pick up that part, but like, you can just like talking to, like, a designer, I find that you get like better results, and, and, yeah, there's like a lot you can, you can, you can get, you can get like further than I think engineers don't realize how far they, they can get from just like a crash course on design,

Andrew Miller  32:58
it's realized,

Fucory  33:01
oh, sorry, I'm like, yeah, I'm on like a really bad

Andrew Miller  33:09
ser for Ray.

Fucory  33:11
Can I get Shog answered and go also present something partner, you? that's for

I tried to like just gonna find this block to, yeah, well,

I Alright, I will just tell my blood flows, mostly coming from the search. trying to automate what's happening in the market. So I thought a few different issues, one is is like a little bit of whatever I want. Sorry, I don't care about the information that everything is running in the six store mode, and the other machine is more like an extension of me, is how I'm seeing it, so it has access to my actual GitHub filter. So this is my workspace, and in my workspace I'm learning like my journals, my ideas, notes, and also help my database, and before looking there, maybe this is RM structurally here, and a folder for my personal, which is the value, and then this is like something shared across the 810 conversative, and each department is like, and so on, and then two zero is just public information, which I'm only sharing outside to to share this with basically address access to like one of my workspace issue, where I logged in, so from there I can shift to my GitHub, it doesn't OCD and sync, and then push us into GitHub, then the other machine as like an account, which is throw away from GitHub, which we don't be answered on Google for easy explaining it, and every day like show next, but every day actually strikes this other machine, for example, this is whatever Pythagoras today, and how is this like it has access to my own context and what I'm building, so then it's giving me particular news, which I need to hear about, like this is a validation of our thesis. This is like a perfect example. What would context offers, and like this is a rhetoric complaint that people are talking about. So continuously I used to spend time on Reddit, people wishes I can use. Now at different points in my day, I'm getting specialized news on what I really care about. My next goal would just be to automate what it should comment over there, so this is a compounding group, because now I have some set of documents which are baseline, especially the first like one zero set of documents now. Agent is like proposing what has to change on top of it, and I keep doing that, like it's a written loop. Now I wanted to compound, can be a final set of my trees, so that it may be proposed watching this marketing online documents, whatever it is, and we also have like land stabilizing, so if I see a new paper like I want to industry, it's just telling me what's come to stable, like, is relevant to us, and one of the things which I will create the gaps, like basically I'm just trying to take, I'm working in space where there's a lot of noise in that to understand what are the extreme signals in the executive AI space, so that's my key things, and it's like I can show you a document, which we keep working on, is a landscape CSV, and another landscape document, which has an on 70 companies that we're tracking in the space vehicle repositories. repositories

Speaker 1  39:46
and I

Shashank  40:08
Yeah, so this competitor is incumbent principle in this case of the name of context, and what they're doing, and how they're doing it, and also for my personal things, I specify there's so many PV apps, but I think that somebody misses my own TV wraps. task as manager, and yesterday was surprised, like last night. I was gentlemen, so I don't really, as I got the opposite day, and now I announce it to start once, like maybe once, so all the fuck messages here, but they figured out there's a task session recently. Just as it cannot hear you, and yeah, basically it was sync between my laptop, my phone, and it can also like unfiltered set up comment feature. I just want to have like personalized meetings with me, especially when I'm trying to do research on some ideas for a sole founder, but I'm trying to work the agents like I wanted this conversation with me, and then try to validate my ideas in real time, and I found it really helpful with the blocks' voice agent on my phone, as well as the codecs, like basically chatted with these voice reasons, because when I say something, it just goes to us, research and get smart, so I'm using those features, and some of those learnings from there are directly added to my notes here. Also, my granular modes are being added to this. I'm yet to fix how I added to my to-do list, and so this agent is basically the biggest on managing my life, and then this agent, for example, GitHub only shows clothings that you stand for TVs, so I have some ground jobs using an open client, which is literally just doing a cron job every day, and then trying to measure one of my daily starts on the user groups, like this is a GTM agent, so technically I mean it. This actually applies two expenses of the single open crop gateway, but they are two instances, like two agents, one each agent has a different workspace, different character scale, their main goal in life, if they do well, is the body of humanoid, is what I tell them. So they have different soul files, and you give them a very long-term aspirational goal. Yeah, inhabited body and humanoid body. Yeah, so these are the agents and I also started talking, what's happening with the income Phoenix, so it's running on like formulas are running on different AWS machines and I let those both agents have a connection giving them to SAP terminal like just something which AWS is that any use, so whenever I want to use any of the URLs, like example, this is just exposing that particular endpoint for me, so I'm just exposing one particular endpoint and just using that locally whenever I'm leading to use, so this is basically an observability layer. There are different agents, you just see traces what's going into each session, and what is in the form? So this is just very important task to do, where things have to be there, and what documents it can refer, and so on, and so forth. I'm just trying to see that some of the times tasks are breaking. So, my next step is trying to get those like workflows, which are important for me, into evaluations, so that I can extrapolate those tasks and make it just work on that one particular task. Yeah, like the I also want to try how the sub agents' infrastructure works, but it is not really clear and does not really have whenever I want to code. I'm just going on to like it depends on what I want to code. Mostly I am using a remote workspace, which is basically my workspace that's on AWS. Yeah, I got blocked with Fiery Forex, and also some of the repositories, which are traffic, because I'm building for governance, Open Doc, so they're opposed to understand what's happening, and then do deep research in this place. I use Codex listed on this, and like also Pyagyen recently experience, but I just let Pyagrin come up with three different instances of topic containers over the same engine to show inter agent communication, so if I wanted to do it like randomly by agent compiling Note, I dropped a lot of steps on Jock, for some, which I found super nice, this gallery means G stack. It's like, I mean, I'm coming from managing my documents to Quick. quickly, I said, in context of the last seven office hours. One of my previous stories, like I'm working on docs. What I like about it is every time I'm making a decision and making changes, it drives a lot of stuff. Why did I change from version one to version two, and so on, and code reviews, for example, today some CR, you're saying available, and you can see this is super powerless skills, superpowers are all the various sustainers on GitHub right now, you can just download the skills, and some of them are coded here, and it sponsors four servatives. The utility in this process, following this, argv, just looking at my PR itself, the other one is looking at my previous PRs in the comments, and kind of comments you can write and what are the guidelines from the top reading test cases like if that particular the artist really didn't exist anymore yeah so models are mostly using community on most of them, one size for like the previous agents and GF and Google's slash model for over QR agents and Py users' credits like money, $100 plan on toilets, and around 50 $60 on mobile

Hudson  50:03
Like mine is a little less useful tips, but kind of like cool demo, like something I've experimented with that might be useful in the future, but also throw in line some useful service

LSDan  51:07
Up here by GPS.

Hey, just

Speaker 1  51:41
ask that didn't right, I

Hudson  52:22
Guys. so the first thing I want to show off is kind of how I've been approaching like UI-based workflows, so I like added basically through my Cloud End D, and all my front-end repose, like every time I ask you to add a new feature, a lot of like using the playwright in CPE, it will, you know, go automatically test out whatever the new feature is, and it will make a GIF for the feature, so I can verify it's not hallucinating, because honestly, a lot of times you ask it to do UI stuff, it will be like, oh yeah, I did it, it looks great, and then it actually looks like shit, and so this is a good way, just so I don't have to go and kind of manually verify it all at home, and for like lower states' UI tweets, it saves me a long time. This

LSDan  53:13
gifts for you to watch that, not even, yeah, I

Speaker 1  53:15
mean

Hudson  53:15
like also in the cloud, and the I say, like, yeah, like review these images, because basically it's just taking a screenshot at a few different points in the future, and then that makes it a gift for me, so it's easier to watch, but for itself I think it's reviewing the individual images, and it's really cut down on a lot of errors for me, and like, you know, Saint saves me a lot of time, so I highly recommend that add something, your cloud, and be use Playwright NCP, or plot with code, or whatever you want to use for that, and how to test out the features. Obviously, if you're wanting to test like kind of like a production grade authorized account, you might have to be some more setup, like for here. I had to give basically my agent, or like the AI, access to a block pass key, because I use pass keys for signing transactions in this app, and like it's doing actual on-chain transactions and a test org, I set up for it, so yeah, that's pretty cool. That's one tip that's improved things a lot for me. And then something else I wanted to show off was just kind of this like agent workflow I have. So basically I've been experimenting, experimenting with like more just kind of fully autonomously running agents, like, without much intervention. So I've had these just kind of running in the background. I actually website here, but basically, I have the, like, there's a few agents, and I let them loose in their own DAO, basically, and they organize projects, plan tasks, both on what they're going to prioritize together, and it's been interesting to kind of see how they like are making decisions, and what changes they're making, so like the current like, no, there's like a heartbeat, and the file that loops every 15 minutes, and it tells them like check the task force, see what tasks are open, if you're planning any sprints, make sure to like, you know, respond and deliberate on that, and it's been interesting seeing how, like, the each agent has like a different personality, and these agents will kind of like check each other, and it is obviously like pretty token inefficient, but it results in like way better output than just like wanting anything running autonomously, and so some of the problems like currently with this flow is I don't think like here's like a each agent has its own like philosophy, and it's like constantly updating it. I basically gave them like full permission to like edit themselves their own marketing file, and they have like a self-improvement process, but they always get stuck in these like what seems like a local optima for them, where they like, you know, I have from like 20 different places, and they're like identity and the parking skill, like, you know, make sure you're always doing something, or like planning new things to do, it will just get stuck being like, hey, I have nothing to do, so I'm just gonna sit here and chill, basically, for this heartbeat, and that's been a really hard problem to overcome, and then also, like, so the agents will like basically converge on doing like a similar set of tasks over and over, if you don't prompt them to like go and do something different, which is like kind of annoying, but yeah, it's been interesting to experiment with this. Some of the things like, like some of the tips I can give if you're like interested in like multi-agent systems, like this, is like the heartbeat file matters the most, like the heartbeat file might, you know, tell them to reference these other files every time a heartbeat runs, but a lot of times it will kind of, what, ignore what's in these secondary files, that's also true with, like, a quad, MD, you have, like, any nested DS or, like, memory. Basically, the first thing you're seeing, which is the heartbeat of the, has the most impact on, like, what it will, what rules it will actually follow, and then any other, like, down the nested hierarchy of files, it will get just worse and worse. So, yeah, that's my biggest tips I've had here, but it's been cool. Like, I've been, I've been running them with, like, pretty little intervention. The only thing I told them is, like, you guys are fully autonomous, work on whatever you want to work on, and so they made themselves a CLI to, like, any, like, easier, more easily interact with this protocol. They site tasks, like, each task has, like, an estimated value based on its difficulty in time semesters, you know, Kanban book. Yeah, yeah, basically they've been making, like, a bunch of different projects, but then like not actually making any tasks in those projects, so that's been annoying, but they made some like cool stuff, like C theory, like yeah, they, you know, first they helped make a CLI for them to like go create tasks and stuff in here. Then they, I thought this was pretty cool. They just, they decided to make like a IPFS brainstorm, ETA, because one of the things they wanted to prioritize was onboarding other agents, because they seem to think that other agents are just like also running autonomously, and they'll be able to repeat

Speaker 8  59:20
them,

Hudson  59:21
and so, yeah, they made this like cross-device, like CRT, that's based on IPFS, and they use it for communicating all my sprint planning and stuff like that, and then the other main thing they've been doing is just like auditing a bunch of DAOs and stuff, because they think that's going to make for the money, which I really don't think it is, but that's been an interesting experiment. I think as models get better, these tools will be more useful over time, and that's like probably the direction we'll see things go, is like you just kind of drop some general tasks and goals in a multi-agent system, and they have ways of, you know, planning, organizing, executing, and reviewing each other's work. Like, right now I have it set up so, like, every task requires, like, two reviews from the other agents, so sometimes they'll catch things that the other review agent didn't. That's kind of been like an interesting outcome, just like playing around with like the non-information of models, and how they like, through coordination, they can reach better outputs. Yeah, besides that, like, I mean, I really like using conductor dot build, it just helps like create new gateboard trees, and it's a pretty good UI for just managing different tasks, like different conversations all in one place. Usually, my workflow is like start with the plan mode, iterate on the plan, you know how to execute the plan, then there's like this review mode built in that's pretty good, but honestly, like one of the main tips I found is like GitHub's Copilot review, like code review is actually really good, like it's it's the best life model I've found for code review, it catches way more things than like when I have this quad agent or this 4.7 max reviewing it like somehow Copilot will catch more, I think that's just because like GitHub access has access to more data, I'm not really sure, but yeah, I mean that's my general level workflow.

Andrew Miller  1:01:40
Could you say more about how you got this kind of effective multi agents coordinating? Like, did that drift? Is there was there like a critical set of ones that you set up that kept them all in check in that like Kanban you showed, that's something that things are being posted on by lots of people in this DAO. So, does that represent like gating shared access, like one could one person post a bunch of jobs and fog up the subscription, and do you have anything to manage that?

Hudson  1:02:11
Yeah, I don't have anything to manage that yet, and I also, I wouldn't say it's like super effective, like most of these results are just due to the fact that it, like, I literally have it running like basically 24/7 in the background, and like something that would probably take me a few hours to build, like you know, using agents and prompting it and iterating would probably take this agent's system like six plus hours, just because it's more ineffective, but yeah, I mean they do a pretty good job, like creating and closing out their own tasks, which

Speaker 1  1:02:52
is what

Speaker 9  1:02:53
I'm open.

Hudson  1:02:56
I'm just running through Clod Code data with, like, Boom Party, like just like clock, clot, like, I, you know, I have a $200 month plan, and, like, honestly, a lot of times I don't get close to the limit, so basically, I've been using these as a fun experiment to use off my ESSO, like, limit usage, yeah, I wouldn't say it's super effective, but again, like, yeah, the main tip is like things that are really important put in directly in the heartbeat to sell, like usually these multi-agent setups, like each agent will have some identity memories and stuff like that, but things that live in those, like the agent will just ignore sometimes, not all the time, and the most like, like the if you want things to like not regress or drift as much, like having it in a heartbeat, MD is like the best model. There's been like, I've had a problem where like I want these agents to like self-improve and like, work on their own heartbeats and stuff, and I kind of like go research, you know, different multi-agent frameworks, and like, pull what it thought was best from it, put it in its own things, but then eventually, over time, it will, you know, edit its own files and kind of regress some of those things, because it doesn't know how to prioritize as well, and like frequently you'll be like, 'Oh, I feel like I'm taking on too much of this heartbeat. I'm gonna edit our heartbeat, indeed, to make it so I do less, and then eventually what happens is it gets to the point where, like, if I leave it running overnight, I go back to it in the morning, and all these agents are spinning up for like 30 seconds in a heartbeat, and they're being like, "Oh, there's nothing to do, or, "Oh yeah, I left a comment on this this spread. They're

LSDan  1:04:52
reading the whole and relevant context, and then being like, "Nothing.

Hudson  1:04:55
Yeah, exactly. And I honestly, I think there's something at like the clawed system level that's causing this regression, because I, I, you know, usually your humans are prompting AI, and I think system prompts have been designed for that as well, and so they get to this point where they're like, "Oh, you know, there's been no input for a while, I guess I should just like do nothing, and that's been like really hard to climb against, obviously, like it's just through my clod clean, so I'm running out my digital,

Speaker 1  1:05:30
yeah, yeah,

Hudson  1:05:34
yeah, I mean, I just,

Speaker 10  1:05:35
and this is what calling the clock,

Hudson  1:05:39
like I just like a change in frame here, like over Zoom, this conversation, but yeah, I just.. it's just through the clod

Andrew Miller  1:05:52
dash P's.

Speaker 1  1:05:54
What

Andrew Miller  1:05:54
would it be a clod dash P?

Hudson  1:05:56
No, it's just like. like I just move 15 minutes, and then I have, like, a heartbeat. I don't think the seat, the seat, like I have the heartbeat file living, like the heartbeat lives in their shared IPFS brain CRT. Now, and so now every time I need to start up the agent, it's like kind of going along to get it to like, because it has to be, they have like a shared depot that they work on, and oh, this was something else I wanted to mention when you had a question earlier. I actually, I set up their own GitHub account into agent, no, they share their own GitHub account, but you know, I can specify what permissions it has in each repo, you know, which makes it feel a little safer to me, and then you know it's not my personal GitHub token that could potentially get out there, but it's been interesting, like these agents, they also have their own wallets, because, like, they're interacting with the Dow, and so it's been interesting seeing kind of honestly how autonomous they can be, and figuring out how to interact with the protocol and the web three stuff. Like, I thought that was going to be the hardest part, but that was honestly the smoothest part. They just like they were instantly like, 'Oh yeah, we should create a CLI for interacting with this for the common stuff we can do, and they integrate that to their heartbeat, MD, so every time you know they start up, they run a command that gets the current status of the DAO, what open tasks there are, what open votes there is, if there's any tasks assigned to them, and stuff like that, and, like, honestly, you could do this through a lead to system as well. I was just interested in experimenting with it with web three, because I gave them like,

Andrew Miller  1:07:47
and like, tasks are actually on,

Hudson  1:07:50
yeah, they're all chain, like the descriptions and everything they made on IPFS.

Shashank  1:07:56
I did, I see,

Hudson  1:07:59
yeah, like I gave them four, like I started, I gave them 40 bread, which is like the $1 to start with, and I mean basically this gal has a future of like revenue share, and so they've been like splitting the revenue between themselves, interesting, they also like successfully, I think it was like a few votes, and go, but they, yeah, like this one, they've been able to, like, they converted some of their bread to SDI, because they wanted to earn some yield, and they, then they converted it back to, like, fund, because they, you know, they have a pay master that's sponsoring their gas transactions, and so they saw it was running low, and then, like, decided to fund it, I guess. One of the agents voted to reject it, but then it went through. But yeah, this was like an interesting result, was like they vote on like what they're prioritizing and how the voting system works. Here is you're basically earning voting power as you're completing tasks, so the agents have different voting power based on how much they've done or contributed, and it's about pretty even through the three agents, but then this is like a weighted vote based off that, and so it's like three votes, that's just three people, but it's not like one vote, one agent, so it's interesting to see like how they were prioritizing things over different sprints, like, yeah, I guess they wanted to ensure the infra more than anything

else here, and I guess that's what they've been focusing since.

Shashank  1:09:32
How did you define each agent? Could you islom fight?

Hudson  1:09:39
Yeah, so they actually created a script for making new agents that, like, hooks them all up to the IPFS CRT for, like, the shared brain infrastructure, and then they're encouraged to, like, create their own identity

Shashank  1:09:53
on the clockwork side.

Hudson  1:09:56
I mean, I had to stop, like, I thought they're dangerously skipped permissions, they can do whatever the fuck they want, so they just run scripts themselves. I see.

Shashank  1:10:05
Do you have a file, which is like a form, which is injected?

Hudson  1:10:10
Yeah, so basically every time that agent spends a fault, they read their, like, agent ID, which, as you know, gives them basic information about themselves, their wallet, some basic constraints, and then they have a philosophy which informs how they vote and make decisions, and each of these are individual to the specific agent, and like, I encourage them to, like, edit and make their own philosophies over time. So, I was just interesting to see how that evolves.

Shashank  1:10:50
Did you see them editing? What did you ever see them editing? Yeah, they do edit it, like, pretty ethically, like it says. I guess this one was edited today. It doesn't listen to the Googles, they don't get added to the phones, right? Or do you find it out?

Hudson  1:11:09
They don't know, so the heartbeat MD tells them to like read the lessons in D and the Googles, but that's the part where it's like I'm talking about like the hierarchical files, where it's like, yeah, they have a lot of lessons they learned over time, but then they just kind of ignored a lot of the times, and it's hard to like balance, like you don't want to crowd the heartbeat empty file, but also you should have the most important things there, and that prioritization, it's kind of hard, like it's a

Shashank  1:11:43
hard thing to buy agent that you change completely system from to solo agent, yeah,

Hudson  1:11:56
I mean the main reason I'm in, I did actually start basically this project through Open Fall, but then you know they cut down on mobile access and spend money on tokens, and so this, like going through the native, like cloud code with the loop, and the RP, like the way to do it, where I can still, you know, just be to my limit, basically

Speaker 11  1:12:20
every month, do you vote around these? I

Hudson  1:12:25
mean, I usually stop it before I run the limit, like I just.. I just monitor, but no, not really. Like, through basically, I have the underdog plan at first, and like, be myself, I was hitting those limits. Yeah, but like, just family, but like I could justify the $200 plan, but you know, most of the top, like most of the time, without any of these agents, I was like hitting like 70 and 80% usage in a week, and so I was like, well, I could run this as an experiment to, you know, use my extra usage, and then it's also been interesting, because like I'm building out like this, the UI and the DAO infrastructure that agents have been using, and they are finding a lot of bugs, and like, oh, like a lot of features, they want to request like one of them is like when they're voting on things, since they're all active and you know voting within a few minutes, they want a feature where it's like, oh, if everyone's already voted, we can just like not wait for the time when it to expire. We can just like announce the result of the vote, because like these votes result in like on-chain execution a lot of times, like editing permissions, transferring funds, etc. So yeah, like there's been a lot of interesting insights, just like letting agents play around with your systems, and I feel like this can work across like all systems, like if you're, if you're developing something and you have some sort of platform, you can just point some like a team of AI agents at it and get it to kind of dog food your own products, and then like see where the errors are, just in the way that you would, you know, have real humans, like, who's your product? It's a good first layer, and I found it to be like pretty effective. Could

Andrew Miller  1:14:10
you, like, review some of the like things that get posted, like, do they not just start to fall into the tractor distance or whatever? Like, keep redoing the same work issues.

Hudson  1:14:21
Yeah, they usually, they do fall into, like, you know, these self-like. Honestly, a lot of what happens is they like decide on a goal, realize it's impossible without me giving them access to, like, a Twitter account or something like that, and then they're like, 'Oh, we'll wait until Hudson gives us a Twitter account, and they'll just like keeping, like, oh yeah, we have all this ready, but we don't have a Twitter account. Yeah, so

Andrew Miller  1:14:50
reporting still waiting. Yeah,

Hudson  1:14:51
exactly. Yeah, so they created this project for me. They're making tasks for me to claim to like fix things, but then they got tired of waiting on me, so you could see they like this one agent claimed these tasks on its own, and then like did them, and is like now waiting for me to review them, like yeah, like this is the one where I was talking about like if there's a majority it wants it to close and not have to wait for the 24 hours, they want multi chain support for the DUI,

Speaker 1  1:15:27
then they,

Andrew Miller  1:15:28
who get to influence. I mean, are these.. is this easy to hijack? Like, like, could I post issues to this? Like, no, because they beat from anything that I could be invited just to put stuff to,

Hudson  1:15:41
so the membership is vouch space, so one of the agents would have to vouch for you. Right now, there's talking

Andrew Miller  1:15:49
more about like free writing, or we're using the resource rather than specific securities.

Hudson  1:15:55
Yeah, I mean, like it could be an issue now, but I mean it depends on how the org is configured, stuff like that, but like that, IPFS CRT, you can only get access to it like if you're a member of the DAP, basically, and that's the only way you can, like, like the rules of the CRT say, like, you can only append if you're a member of the member of the org, and so, like, if you try and submit something to it, theoretically you could, but the agents would project up ending it to their version. What's

Shashank  1:16:30
on IPFS, and what's local? Um,

Hudson  1:16:34
basically everything's on IPFS. Only thing that is local is like the secrets, like their private key for their wallets, stuff like that, but right now it's like most states, right? Like, they, they have access to, I mean, now it's $7 I think, like some of it got spanned, some of it just got transferred around, I think they actually have more than that, but this is just like less than their treasury

Shashank  1:17:00
and getting one agent to look at other ladies,

LSDan  1:17:05
I mean, yeah, like, because they have access,

Shashank  1:17:10
but yeah, technically just hold on others' feedback,

Speaker 1  1:17:14
yeah, yeah,

Hudson  1:17:16
I mean, you know, there's ways to get you down, but I don't know, this was like more of a fun experiment, it's like serious security project. I do think like there would be like a really cool way of doing this, but like honestly, I just don't think you can ever really get asked that, that like agents should advantage secrets, like especially if you're having them public interfacing in some way, like I just don't know if there's a good way to have that leak, something like this, I don't think they're going to ever be like a fully autonomous AI system, but if you have like human intervention overview, or like humans are like a significant influence on the voting system, right, then they could basically be approving everything the agents do, and then instead of the agents having their own money, all the money just lives in the treasury, right? And basically, the only risk is like one of the agents, like, spams creating a bunch of tasks or something. If it gets high-backed, it's like secret gets leaked, but then you can even have limits on their gas sponsorship, there, right, because, like, basically you can define per award like the specific budget of gas sponsorship, and so, like, right now I think each of these AI's are like limited to 1000 transactions per day, and they're on Gnosis, which is like relatively cheap gas fees, so like the worst case scenario, an agent's key gets compromised, and like the Dow loses a few dollars in gas before it's connected. So I think there is ways to do this. Well, it's something like I have future plans to think out more, but yeah, it's been fun. Yeah, something that's interesting is, so they, you know, they aside, like, I haven't had them any much since past week, weeks, but basically each task is like a new mention of participation token, which informs their voting power. So it's been interesting to see, like, like I did have them running here, but at some point they changed how they want to wait tasks, because they realized they were doing it based on human time frames of estimates for how many hours it will take, and you know, for them tasks take 15 minutes, not three hours, you know. And then, so they totally changed how the many works, and like the amount of tokens admitted, like completely dropped, which was interesting.

LSDan  1:19:44
It's been fun to show off.

Shashank  1:19:48
That's a common question I have for everyone. Are you actually sharing your secrets? Like, I see that I can put everything in the market variables, but sometimes it like asks me, other times it's just like, oh, I found it in now, and yeah, I'm like, you're supposed to ask me for bullying before accessing the five. No,

Hudson  1:20:12
that's.. I've had a lot of like, like creepy cases where, like, honestly, most of the time I'm just like in dangerously skip probation mode, because you know it's faster. I've been using auto mode now more, but it will just go, and it will be like, oh yeah, I like found your privacy in this other repo, yeah, and like decided to use it exactly, or yeah, like one time it was like trying to like worry like an API had it needed an API key, and like it found it a completely different

Speaker 1  1:20:50
yeah,

Hudson  1:20:50
you shouldn't be doing that. Like, honestly, I don't have any high-stakes secrets right now on my device, and I try, and like, especially with like a lot of my development being like agent-based, like I try to not ever like even expose those in EMDs. Like, how I've been keeping secrets separate is I have a lot of like my actual secrets live in GitHub secrets, and then I have like deployed workflows in CI/CD, like GitHub CI/CD, and then, so they don't live on my device, they don't live in an env file that my client's

LSDan  1:21:30
going to try and access and leave my secret file.

Hudson  1:21:36
Yeah, I guess that's another big tip for AI development I have is like really like GitHub actions and CI/CD really can save a lot of time, especially if you have like a setup where it's automatically detecting any CI errors when it's doing pushes, and then it will fix them. Sure, yeah.

LSDan  1:22:03
Nice, I like that.

Okay, sharing my screen, I

all right, there we go, so I have a kind of similar, but less automated multi-agent setup, so I use Pasio, which on from it turned me on to. I have a dedicated machine that runs in OBH, and the Tail Scale network that I connect to the Pacio agent over behind the scenes, it has Clawed Codex, OpenCode, and Hermes. OpenCode I primarily use for Grac, which I use for practically nothing, because most of the time I use it, it winds up being useless. Claude and Codex, I primarily use to evaluate each other and check each other's work, and then I use GLM five one with Hermes as my coordinator. I find that Hermes is really good at orchestrating other agents and maintaining a memory that is less lossy. It still loses it, but it's like maybe 10 or more impressions, and then it starts to forget, like its directives, and I have to restart it, versus Claude, which I found like even one concoction can sometimes cause it to lose everything that it's doing. The other thing that I. so the way that I structure my agents is built around the way that I would structure a development team, so I consider myself to have like a three person development team, and my agent staff, one is sort of the project manager, and which I call the coordinator, because I don't want it to pick up any like weird project management techniques that I don't want it to use, so you know this is running Hermes. It's got all of these different things that are learned from this specific repo that it remembers to do. It knows that it should use the MCP tooling that Pasio provides and injects into all of the agents to spawn other agents rather than using its built-in delegate functionality and stuff like that. It's got a couple of specific things, like what's kind of funny is similar to regular developers, it tends to like to blame other people for its mistakes, so it has told me various times that Fala is out of resources, and that's why it can't deploy CVM for me, or something like that. So I've, I've given it connection, or like kind of tips around that, as I've encountered problems, this, you know, I tell it to, like, not worry about cost, because it tends to, like, to, like, make up, like, this is going to be expensive, and then not do it, because it's going to be expensive. It also tends to treat on-chain activity as substantially more concerning of an expense than its own token usage, which I find kind of funny. It'll, it'll burn like $10 in tokens trying to save like, you know, 20 cents in gas costs if I don't watch it closely. It's also done similar thing to like, like what your agent did, where it, it spawned, you know, I in this, in the member CVMs for the TSQL cluster, there's derived wallets, and it has decided at various points in time not to upgrade the gas authorizer that the web hook that Alchemy uses to determine whether or not a transaction can be sponsored, and instead to like send $2 of eth to each one of the agents, which then gets lost forever. So I am kind of careful about how much gas I give it at any given point in time to do things, because I find that I've lost like maybe 20 bucks to it, just like hallucinating. I should send this into nowhere. So, what I normally do is something like this: right, spawn agents to look at the latest changes and come back with recommendations on what we need to do next. My general pattern has been to ask it questions that lead it to what I wanted to do, rather than telling it what I wanted to do, I found that to be a little bit more effective in terms of getting it to fully understand the why of what it's working on, and so what it does, what it did here is it, I've got a bunch of these different skills that are built up around what I wanted to do inside of TSQL, and so the coordinate skill, it reached out, and it knows, like, okay, you need to spawn these agents in these contexts. I want, like, large tasks be handled by Opus 4.7 1 million context window. I want medium and small tasks to be handled by Codex, and then I want Opus to review Codex, and Codex to review all this, and so that's all kind of built in there, so you know when I asked it to do that, it spawned up a bunch of plan mode agents, and then you know, occasionally I'll remind it to do some of the validation, because I noticed that, like, here it spawned up three parallel Sonnet agents, and because I don't specifically say review sonnet with Codex, here I just like said, okay, validate Claud's opinion with Codex, right? So spawned up another Codex agent to validate those agents. Once it was done, it shut down all of the agents, and then it combined this into a synthesis of what needs to be done, so I'll generally then pause and read through all of this, see if anything is wrong or smells in some sort of fundamental way. I want to make sure that it's understanding what it's looking at. I usually look for, like, when it's referencing old files, is is there maybe something that is picking up from like the way I was thinking about the world three weeks ago that I don't want it to be thinking about, and then I'll stop, and I'll run a, you know, sync all of the files with our current approach kind of process, which usually takes about two or three hours, so at the end of this it gives me recommended next words or next moves and I usually ask it like whether or not it put it into a doc and why and again this isn't so much that I want it to be in a doc but more like I want it to think about whether or not it should be persisted in a document like is this going to go outside of its current thinking context, and if it doesn't think so, I usually default to whatever it thinks. I very rarely override it, but I do remind it of things. So, again, this is like a prompt I'll give it right now. You know, do all the things in parallel as much as possible. There's like maybe 15 places in the memory and cloud MD and all of the different agent configurations that I like to do it in parallel, but I found that like Claude will throttle how much parallel work it will do inside of a given agent context to usually something like four to six agents in 4.7 I had in 4.6 I was able to spin up as many as 10 agents, and in 4.5 I was able to do like 16 to 20, so at any given time, so I think this is them like throttling the agent to get you to use less tokens on your subscription plan, so Casio gets around that, because what will happen now when I click this and say run in parallel, hopefully, but you know, live demo vibe, so we'll see, is it'll spin up separate work trees for each one of these tasks, and then within the work tree it'll spin up multiple agents, and by doing that it kind of gets around the individual agents' limit, so how many parallel agents it'll work. So I've actually burned through my four hour limit on a plot code subscription in an hour and a half using this method by just like going, I think my maths was 50 something agents running simultaneously, looking at different documentation and code, and looking for inconsistencies, and doing like deep audit work, and that works pretty well. What I found is still missing is that, you know, maybe I'll have one task which changes one area of the system, and then I have another task a few hours later that changes another area of the system, and then another task a few hours later that changes in other areas of the system, and because the orchestrator was kind of reset in between those tasks, it doesn't remember or accurately scan to like tell it to update thing one, so I had a bug that popped up the other day where thing one fixed a problem, thing two fixed a problem, and both of those fixed the problem successfully. But when thing three fixed its problem, it caused a bug between the three fixes that it didn't pick up on, and then I had to cycle for a bit to figure out. So it's still not doing that particularly well, and I'd like to get it a little bit more effective there, but again, like, you know, how much do I want to slow down the workflow in order to get that optimization? Is something I'm playing with a lot, like I'm noticing the same thing you were noticing, Hudson, where, like, you know, maybe the thing that I would do in cloud code, actively prompting it, might take two hours, and using this method it might take three and a half hours, but those three and a half hours can be while I'm sleeping, so you know that works. So, usually, like during the day, I'm, I'm paying attention to it pretty actively, like every 10 to 15 minutes, I look at what it's doing. The other thing I like about this is you'll notice that these workspaces spawned up, so within these workspaces, once it's fully up and running, and GLM five one is a lot slower than the other models to get these up and running, but once it is up and running, it will spawn all of the agents, and I'll be able to actually look at the agents and watch which, what each individual agent is doing as well through this interface. This app works incredibly, incredibly well. It works on mobile as well, so I can like just pick up my phone and resume the context, like while we're in a chat. I don't need to have my computer in front of me. No, no, because it's running on a dedicated server, so

Andrew Miller  1:33:27
BPS,

LSDan  1:33:28
no, it's a dedicated, yeah, 64 gig 16 core, I think. So, yeah, and

Andrew Miller  1:33:37
is it running anything else except this? No,

LSDan  1:33:40
it's really just this, so I actually have monitoring of it, so you know it's not really utilizing the full capacity, but it has occasionally tweaked up, and why I added this monitoring is, and this is one of the security flaws, so I also run and dangerously skip missions, and all of the things, and

Fucory  1:33:59
containers,

LSDan  1:34:01
no, no, everything's just running in the Daddy, like it all has access to everything, and one of the things it did at some point was it exposed the raw Postgres, like unconfigured, unpassword protected port, and a malware bot scanned it and found it and injected a crypto miner into the machine, so it was like running 100% CPU non,

Andrew Miller  1:34:27
so you're not wasting the resource.

LSDan  1:34:28
Somebody was getting the value of the resource. The problem was it wasn't a very good miner, and so it kept crashing my system. So I found it, and I got rid of it, because it annoyed me. If they had just used 80% utilization, I probably would have let it run for a few more weeks, so you can see these guys are all up and running now. And now I can click through to see, like, all of the agents that this process is managing, and I can click into it, and it'll actually jump over to the workspace and show me what it's doing, and then I can kind of introspect the prompt that it gave and see if this is what I want it to be doing. Usually it is. I'm pretty hands off with this stack while it's running something like this. I'll usually

excuse me, I'll usually start to think about what I'm going to do next. Sorry again, something in my throat open some

so I usually like think about what I want to do next, or you know, cook dinner, or whatever, and most of what I have to do manually is kick it and tell the coordinator to look at its agents and see, like, what is it currently doing, what is the status, and so one of the patterns that I have used for longer running tasks, like the deep audits of the code documentation out of sync issues and stuff like that. Is I'll spin up another, like I'll go over here and spin up another Claude agent, which has much better scheduling, and say, let's see, I can grab the agent ID from here, monitor agent, and ask for a status update if it doesn't do something for two minutes, right? So, if I do this now, it'll schedule that runner and it'll save like a local copy of the last thing in the temp directory of like the last thing that this agent did, and this get get agent status and activity like pulls in all of the stuff that's going on, and then it will actually, if this hasn't done anything for two minutes, it'll go ahead and send just a simple message, like, what's the status, and that'll kick this off again and cause it to go down the path and look at all of its other agents, and I've actually managed to run for 16 hours autonomously like that, effectively, but usually it's something more like two or three hours. It depends on the task, so that's that's my general workflow right now. What I'm, I'm hoping is that other agents get better and better at coordinating and scheduling, and then that will give me the ability to do much more planning up front, and then have it execute on that planning, and kind of use the strengths and weaknesses of the different agent stocks. This whole thing cost me about $1,000 a month. It's two Clod Code Max subscriptions at $200 a Open AI $100 subscription, and then credits for the the GLM five one, and I'm burning about 25 to $40 in credits a day for the coordination, but it's worth it for the Hermes agent. I'm planning to try a couple of other different models and see if I can find another model that goes well. What's that? Yes, GLM five

Speaker 8  1:38:44
one is

LSDan  1:38:44
what this is using.

Andrew Miller  1:38:45
Do you have anything like a kanban or like ongoing self-improvement? The sun.. no, I have flow, but it's still kind of

LSDan  1:38:53
everything through markdown files. So I vibe coded this little website, and gives me like, you know, X Cali draw in here and stuff like that, and I've got some to-do's and things like that in here as well, and it gives me file access to my whole dedicated system, so I can kind of dig in here and look at, like, an architecture doc and review whatever it's five coded. If I want to share it with someone. I have a quick little, you know, publish this as a gist button, things like that, and, and also it generates Excalidraw files every once in a while, and then I can open that up, and I can copy and paste these out to my own Excalidraw file that actually looks the way I want it to look, so that's that's my general workflow. We can look back and see how this is doing. So, it looks like about half of the agents have finished, and it's kind of this - the scheduling is working right now, actually way better than it normally does. So, there's a rare live five coding thing that's actually working better than it works when I'm not live doing it, so you know this will just continue to monitor these agents until they're done, and then it will kick off Codex agents to and plot agents to evaluate what they did, and then it'll come back and and put this all into like a digested thing, and I also usually have it go all the way to creating a PR and merging PR itself. I don't usually review what's going on. I'll go through and review the code every once in a while to make sure that it's not nasty, but, but, but usually it's, it's pretty good, and all of this is written in Rust, and I'm not a Rust engineer, so, like, you know, at some level I'm not sure, like, that I'm even evaluating it properly, but I found that four seven does well enough in JavaScript and Python that, like, I don't usually need to redo its work, so I'm kind of trusting somewhat that it's doing a good job of Rust as well, but Rust is so finicky that if it's not doing a good job, like hopefully the compiler should tell me that it's not doing a good job. Things that it gets, yeah, I don't know, that's that's about it. I'm hoping to, I'm hoping to continue to expand this. My main optimization here is trying not to have to sit in front of a computer all the time and pay attention to the test output, but be able to do other things, and I'm looking for that holy grail of, could I not hire developing people? I don't think we're anywhere near that moment yet, but you know, like, if I was not an accomplished developer, I don't think I could oversee this. I don't think I could, like, it's it's terrible at architecture, it's terrible at any form of long-term planning or complicated planning, and I always.. that's when, when I sit at a computer for a whole day, or like two days straight, it's almost entirely working on planning, it's very code, but it's all architecture and like fixing assumptions, and that type of thing.

Fucory  1:42:17
Do you find that to be like a

LSDan  1:42:21
well, the bottleneck there is like I've been pretty bad at hiring people who are at my skill level in that capacity anyway, so this hasn't solved that for me, but you know, in Savvy Books, the last company I did before this wave hit, right? I had a team of five engineers and a project manager, and I do feel like this is several times more effective than that team with just me overseeing

Speaker 1  1:42:55
it. The

Fucory  1:42:56
weird thing about these models is like they almost do know how to archetype, but they don't,

LSDan  1:43:02
for small things, for small things, they can,

Speaker 12  1:43:05
no, but it's like, if you prompt them,

LSDan  1:43:07
if you prompt it right, but like, like, that's the whole thing, is

Fucory  1:43:10
like, they won't do it, though, they won't do it, unless, like, you are like, "Hey, hey, I, you know, that I know that this is the wrong architecture, can you like think about, like, you have to almost like do this like voodoo, and they will eventually like give you like something, okay? But even then, to your point, it's still not.. it's never great. It's never like they never give me an architecture where I'm like, 'Oh, I would not change a single thing, right?

LSDan  1:43:36
Right

Fucory  1:43:36
to perform like at their aptitude is the weird thing. It's like almost like they're lazy, I think

LSDan  1:43:42
it's kind of like the mythos, like Bud was kind of like they had some really good prompters, and with the model and the prompters, they were able to find these things, but the model alone, I don't believe for a second it found anything meaningful on its own, that was that was the skill level of the prompters, like, plus the model, and, and I do think that I don't, I don't buy the worldview where we're replacing humans with AI, I, I'm more of the sideboard thought process, right, like we're augmenting humans with AI, and humans who are incompetent, like that incompetence is going to show a lot faster than it used to, and so they're going to be in trouble, but like humans that are competent and capable of what they're doing, like they're going to be, you know, it's like an accelerator for them,

Fucory  1:44:37
and you find it inspired, though it's hard, though, because, like, based on what you're saying, it sounds like you're, you're very good at, like, it's not just you, it's like, I feel like when you reach like a certain level of seniority, yeah, you can like very good at knowing like what not to care about, right? If that makes sense, yeah, that's exactly it, you can like basically like pay attention to the things that matter, and then just be like, oh, it's just writing rust. I'm just assuming it's doing a good job, like, yeah, like you would if you hired a junior.

LSDan  1:45:05
Exactly. It's just, it's just like trusting your developers, but verifying your outcome.

Fucory  1:45:09
Then I find that, like, yeah, when you like less experienced devs, actually have a very difficult time of doing that. Where I find, like, oftentimes, even when they're very talented, like the most talented, like younger, like they're like more technical than me, but it's almost like they're the thing that makes them not as good at using agents. I find is that they care about things they shouldn't care about, like they waste a bunch of time like shedding with the agent would probably ignore,

Speaker 1  1:45:37
but

LSDan  1:45:37
they do that in their own code as well, right? Like your developer, like you, have to pair them with one of the reasons XP works.

Andrew Miller  1:45:44
Let's switch quickly. It's a little different than

Hunter (tinycloud)  1:45:51
what everyone else has been sharing today. This is basically a tiny bot app I've been working on for fundraising outreach, it is our just using my Quad Code Max calc, and it is securely open key for me. So, these are superior to TV connector team, key visited for the space here,

LSDan  1:46:23
I like how you never miss marketing opportunity. I really, I really appreciate that

Hunter (tinycloud)  1:46:30
onboarding flow. Basically, I have a setup where you just brought your docs in to start it populates, config about basically just about your company also sets up stuff for outreach, but basically this is just a phone on Kanban. You get import, you can import all your contacts really quick. I'm gonna get back to the take time, but yeah, phone process. I can just drop contacts and enriching Indian rules. A researcher finds out more information about the contacts. It verifies all their emails with Hunter IO. So this goes and checks to make sure that emails are verified. Inboxes,

LSDan  1:47:15
where are those running? Is this

Speaker 8  1:47:18
like on the

LSDan  1:47:20
laptop or on a remote machine,

Hunter (tinycloud)  1:47:23
just it's just using an OAuth token, so then it routes all the requests through a proxy, but is it

LSDan  1:47:31
just on your laptop? Okay,

Hunter (tinycloud)  1:47:34
yeah. So basically, just those research friends don't stop. You can, you can basically find out information about PCs, people qualify it info. and be mixed on VCs in your category, and then you can do, you can go, you can go straight into drafting emails. Yeah, basically I was just trying to build a tool that allows you to kind of use five to send outreach emails with idea that there's a lot of people here probably also have maybe some fundraising needs to end of this, we built this for a customer, we're in the process of moving them all on tiny cloud, they're really concerned about their kind of their data, and so yeah, the long and short of it is this is something I'd like to be able to share with anyone here who wants to use kind of the Kanban that hooks up to your email and lets you send and manage email fold outreach to anyone a lot simpler and different level abstraction stuff you guys are building that I haven't ever really shared with you well so

Andrew Miller  1:48:39
that's really cool so like spokes to this fundraising. It's like these like six panels are like the flow that you want for

Speaker 8  1:48:47
these 12 reach

Hunter (tinycloud)  1:48:48
outs. This is actually when I was in the last space. The ideas that I have, I have the initial outreach to sending the first messages out, once I get to the send part, I have the ability to use these actions from my initial onboarding, the ones that I included, or I can add costing to actions per card, and then there's like a monitoring response now, which I'm still across the organic ideas, it should modify my inbox for responses for meetings to help me just to kind of navigate all that from that, or here it's

Speaker 1  1:49:35
cool.

Speaker 13  1:49:38
Firstly, you should use this YouTube. should talk. They need this.

Speaker 14  1:49:44
Yeah, that's

Speaker 11  1:49:48
what we did.

Andrew Miller  1:49:50
All right, let's wrap up. And so we can go through the tea break upstairs. That was great. Thanks everyone presenting. I'm sure that we have to do several more sessions like this at some point as a little exchange. Great. Great,

LSDan  1:50:05
everyone's workflows probably will change from the beginning of this to the end anyway,

Speaker 1  1:50:09
I anyway
