Andrew Miller  0:00
He asked for checking in with Christian. I know that he arrived last night. I don't know where he got sorted out. I think he was in contact with Alexis, though

Andrew Miller  0:24
Christian is one of the people from the virtual hackathon

Andrew Miller  0:32
in the hackathon.

Andrew Miller  0:36
He flew in from England. He's among the fire travelers. Who else? Chloe says that she would join, but she's remote. She has some family hold up, so she's in Los Angeles still for this week, but she said she'd join in an hour, his emails yesterday when he arrived. Maybe he's still at JFK, waiting for someone to pick him up or tell him where to go, I

Speaker 1  1:41
Just because

Andrew Miller  1:42
I had like two hours for this. Oh, yeah, it's the day for Wiki to present. Also, that's great. You forgotten Wiki hasn't gone yet, because he's attended all of the sessions so far. That's pretty

Speaker 1  1:54
cool.

Wiki  1:56
Yeah, let me know when it's best. I'm also a little bit held up on the West Coast, but I will communicate as I sort out flight dates. There was something happening with SFOs, tarmac over Memorial Day weekend. Um, so yeah, no, just yeah, that's and then it's windy slash rainy, but it's like we haven't had a heat wave or anything, so yeah, but that was going on, and I'm trying to get to New York, though, so I'll just keep in touch by email, and then yeah, with presenting, just I could do that with prior presentations I've had, but if I have a little bit notice of when I'm put on the schedule, that'll also be really good.

Andrew Miller  2:42
Oh, Abby was number three on the schedule. Ali is still rendering her slides, and Christian is not present yet, and Chloe hasn't joined, so you know, I guess maybe you're helping whoever is ready first,

Andrew Miller  2:57
but we can also continue in a few more minutes, or

Andrew Miller  3:01
see if anyone else

Albiona Hoti  3:14
shares Okay,

Wiki  3:31
it's usually good, but wherever novel you're sitting, sometimes there's like maybe like a like a reverberation or something like a so maybe it's just like if you're closer to the mic, it helps. Not sure.

Andrew Miller  3:49
Yeah, the room is huge and not really all that filled with stuff, so it's, it's reverberated physically here. It sounds like a lot of reverb. Okay, there's obviously there by the night.

Andrew Miller  4:14
What does cherry emojis represent? Does any emoji

Speaker 1  4:21
at times like

Kristel Alliksaar  4:32
and

Andrew Miller  4:39
Michigan cherries are a really big thing, everything's cherries,

Andrew Miller  4:48
the official fruit of on time, on time events.

Albiona Hoti  4:59
Yeah, I can start.

Speaker 1  5:01
Okay, yeah, go for

Albiona Hoti  5:03
it. Okay. Well, you guys know already what the app is, but what I'm going to do is

Albiona Hoti  5:09
I'm going to just talk about everything, how I came up with the idea, and what's the vision in general for the vertical that I'm building apps for now. I'm going to, for this cohort, the main goal is to the top priority is Elocute app, which is an articulation, like practicing your articulation in like two to three minutes period of time. This all was developed because of the campaign that we were running on the agent, high agency, and like friction, how to add more friction into our lives, and it got me thinking that there was a time period in the content creation journey, maybe a year and a half ago, when I figured out that all of my feet on all of the short form media was basically filled with content that was maybe 30 or 40% better than I was seeing before that, and it was extremely obvious that now more creatives are like created their times and like faster the iteration of like creative projects and everything like that, and that involved visuals, messaging, narrative development, and everything like that, and when I was doing content related to how good the fictionary realized, so that then we can translate that into the product, which is for all the consumers that we're developing every single photo computer. The speaking part was very important, because I had to articulate myself, what does it mean to what does it mean to add fiction? How do I convince someone that if they add fiction into their lives, they can get to benefit from it long term. And then I think that the messaging is one of the most intuitive ways that makes or breaks anything that human gets to communicate with another person, no matter what the context related to work environment or personal or business oriented, and anything like that. So, in one of these videos on advocating for children to my life was, how can I get to be articulated from all of the social media content that I'm consuming from all of the podcasts that I'm consuming and videos, and one of the practices that hosted a week before was one of the formats that was started with Tools Masters Club, which was a two-minute asynchronous speech in which you would like select a specific topic randomly, and you get to have two minutes just talk about that thing that you just picked up randomly, and definitely like something simple, as in terms of like there's so many people that you think that are extremely smart, and then some others that when they are asked, what do you think about it, and they feel like they forgot how to speak, and that's how I started, like on the video, which one people really react on that, because I think it's a very relatable kind of all kinds of student experience, so yeah, Elocute came up as a code of concept, in which then around 100 comments wanted to use the app, and then I developed it in four days, and then now it has like a good amount of users. Let me change slides, so yeah, everyone consumes information all day, but no one practices practice whatever they are consuming in different like aspects, especially when it comes to high state environments, such as interviews, investor pitches, meetings, presentations, difficult and emotional foundations, and quick contemplation, and it's, it's so interesting how new conversations in real life have become into.. have you seen that tweet? Have you seen that video? Oh, I saw something clear, because I can't respond, just like page from like maybe 12 seconds to like now five seconds or something like that. So, yes, articulate is going to launch, and these are those some quotes from different people who have been giving me like insights into what do they think, like I know what I want to say about things that I want to talk about. I see I sound smarter in writing, I say a lot of filler words, I rehearse things in my head that never out loud. It's not your front of it, so this is the vision: a private AI speaking practice system, in which you will get to read something, speaks, and get it around to delicious support. All of this underneath is true for now. The actual user journey is basically get on the app, and you, you select the different themes of topics that you want to talk about, and the depth, and then you read for many to two minutes, all that given Melbourne, and then you report yourself on the app, speaking about it, and I can share how that would look like, so this is the actual app after you registered, and the whole lecturer basically asked three questions, like what are the things that you want to practice your articulation, and was the depth from beginners needed, or even like senior, and then after it shows you the stage, which is the main thing on the app itself, you get to say for the topic on the theme that you have chosen, and then you start reading it. Definitely, there are a lot of like, in the beginning, it was very rapid articles, like not articles, like references, or like random things. And then the feedback of other people around me, he's like, "Oh, I need to take better topics and things like that, so it's basically like, for now, just read it. You have time to read it, and being able to articulate is a skill that gets asked in many talking to this as well, like, you know, like you are given a research shaper, something for 10 minutes, like, how will you put it together to someone else? Or I don't know, being in those environments as you are now, that we get to hear a lot of things that we don't know as well, and being able to connect with us between a very high-pressure environment when it comes to, like, in the moment, like, how would you like it be able to connect it together, and then it's going to gain you talk about the things which I'm not going to practice right now, so like basically regardful and see the results, but what I'm going to do, I did this a bit earlier on particle and logic and gave me a 6.7 artilleration score, and the app used to give you only an overview of basically the awards, closet structure, base and time, and the delivery on organization, security, language, all of these little details, but then now added another session where we evaluate also the content of what we're speaking because people were like basically stressed that say like saying a bunch of other things the content itself and I didn't check that in the beginning and now it also checks the content itself like oh you're explaining that logic is a framework for reasoning, and it applies to cross fields, but you skip these things, and then it gives you a list of like strings and weaknesses, what to fix next on your speaking practice, and all it takes is like around a few minutes. If the article is two minutes and a half, and usually I'm just skipping the article, I just read the first two or three sentences of this paragraph, and then I go for Skeeping Boat, and on the backend, what happens is that I'm optimizing for actual graphs that people are doing in terms of like what topics are they selecting next, when do they ignore topics, and what's their favorite ones, so that I can then go and do fear reference, and then suggestion on the app on the topics that they want to talk, and just stretch their ability to talk about, let's say, articulate between and I can stream on my admin site on how does that look like. So this is where I see the questions fairs of the because on the app itself you will have a few places like try again, new topic, and then on this new topic you will also have this, like, oh, I don't want to talk about this again, I want new topic, and then a new topic, so these are the places that you would get to choose your graphics, and on your profile it gives you insights into like okay, what are you struggling on, so that you can get to practice next based on the architecture scores that you have been exceeding on different practices that you look at and yeah, for now I have 524 users, out of which our users are hundreds of things, or I think people who have done more density sessions, and then

Speaker 1  15:00
yeah for

Albiona Hoti  15:05
now, for the parents' work of digital people, or to get to practice, and getting better, or explanation is the founder, the SL engineer, the knowledge order, basically, like those are just some test profiles that I put together, and my goal is to like make it look good enough, because it feels like it's a general broader articulation practice, but then the next concept that I want to do is the same kind of pieces, but targeting a specific person, such as a student who's getting into college, or professional worker who's a lot of native speaker, but he's like getting into the US market, or something like that. So, there's many different targeted Google files that I've been exploring, and you're searching to document, like each of that have specific sites, so that can also prepare content for kind of serving your problem sets and getting to help them getting to the next level. Yes, this one, the village, the normal users on the app, the way that I reprocessed it, I came on to do this app was basically focusing on building like creating these fruitful videos on like one minute version, so that I can really nail the hook, the script, the value that I've been given, and the lesson learned in all responses is that if everything is the right, even if Swift can be your selling point to whatever you're building, and it's really not all excited. Even though this was a success after 14 different videos that I've done, but in 40 different videos that are like one to three minutes long, I got to learn about like messaging to do is extremely important in any topics, no matter where you are, even now that I'm sitting here and practicing myself practicing to get to better transitioning, will just like open doors in so many ways, and even that side of things will affect the way that you also use human actions and stuff like that, so it's a, it's a good combination, and then this connects to the actual pieces of, like, how consumer apps are being designed today, and what do you get to give people for them to get to on their day-to-day basis, basically have them make decisions on the actual app, you know, like in this picture, US kind of user journey, even though Tina has this pieces of like no click one click or like no click user interface or things like that, and the HPE experiences from my side for now on has been very into, like, oh, add as simple clicks as possible, add things off the street, so that it's going to stop people to stay on. Is this actually what I want to do? Like, for example, I deleted Instagram, and my hand kept going from that space on my phone, where it's even though Instagram not there, so the automation in my brain is like it's there, it's not just me, it's like just ignore it, we try to cover it up, like trying to get away from the phone for some time or something like that, but it's just like we're all the predictive tip and the most valuable state practice is often very private, like we get to talk like very with very like closer relationships for like things that we really care about, and that's where I want to add to his side, so that people can have a very low stakes, like low resistance AI, it can help as well on things that they really care about, and I'll have to see how that goes for here. So, it could be even a private concussion room in a way, or articulating whatever we want to talk with each other, that it'll be high stakes of, like, you know, whatever it is, we can use the examples, but yes, I would love to use this in a way that I can really feel free to be like, oh, I can talk literally anything, private relationships, personal, whatever, based on interface that actually helps me even improve on that topic as well, so that I can get past my challenges, whatever they are, and become a daily behavior is basically showing up consistently. That's why the goal is basically to have hope and just have a very small onboarded energy that is the issue that is instead of like being able to really see the I can see where I get the sales, like once I see the results of, like, how many filler words I have. Where would I even suppose it, like, not be more intentional online talk about this stuff like that? Because we do talk every day, so why not having any more like intentionally practicing about this, and I want to be there with the apps that I'm building, and the vertical that I'm following, but yeah, this is elocute. You can go try it, it's live already, and let me know if you have any feedback. I already like received so much feedback from different people, and I have all this stuff teachers to build, which I want to be built while I'm here, but yeah, if you get to see yourself that you actually would use it for like whatever specific case that you have. For example, I will seek messages, 'Oh, I want to practice online content. How can I approve my content, so that I can practice on it? And I was trying to do my sister presentation, because I would work pictures for it, but it's just like it's different, it's a different perspective on it, and I need to explore how to make it happen, and then definitely like giving levels of like achievements, and like, okay, public speakers, whoever they are, getting the criminals of the articulation, then, and then kind of evaluating, or like creating like a prediction on, oh, you can get to that level if you do like 50 sessions two minutes, and then it will just make it a, it will turn into this little roadmap where people can feel like, oh, I can see how many like a learning curve or something, another feature is that I will be spots if you pick a topic, you can be like every teacher like the body, let's say, and I'll do this, and I can copy this, and I can just share, and I can go to Swan, and on the start we have like different challenges that whoever gets to join again, like whatever session that they do, we can get there to see here, and it's just portable. I've not yet, like, communicated this in public. So, my current bottom left is, how can I talk more about the app? How can I get more users? How can I position the app to be found by people who actually index? There are definitely ways that I have, but those ways are not really done yet, and I need to figure that out. How to do it, for example, sub credits are a perfect place to get to talk to people who are actually struggling with this, and also just creating as much as possible, which takes time, but at the same time, while creating that kind of content, I think I'm now learning how to take a few steps back, even on the content production, because for now, for example, I didn't have the logs ready, I didn't have an email company for users when they joined the app to actually have a closing loop of whoever joins, whoever, in a specific level, they get to receive support anything, so it means like, oh well, they can get to see it, even though Shar occasionally did like that, you know, because email is not like useful anymore, because no one is like reading it, maybe try the messaging SMS directly on their phone number to just be more personal and like get to invite them to do something, so I've never thought of that. I'll solve that, never means SMS, but maybe for the US base, like if it comes for the US base, maybe people who are like international people coming to the US skills in a general, this is not just for articulation, it's basically like, how what kind of products will I be able to develop all related to communication, my parents, well, things is basically targeting humans. My next step is, how can I get to convert data to agent communication, even agents between agents of different people and things like that. I've been exploring on that a little, but it's not there yet that I have a full concept to share, but yeah, for now I have for now I have 500 users and 134 power users. I want to increase this number to 1000 volunteer and while I do this, I definitely, this is definitely just one Google concept. I want to also get it work together with a CV on a really good feature that actually clicks, and or attach the sign in with TikTok better to get to have their TikTok, the people who are a lot on TikTok, and she would do practice sticking articulation, confrontation, have it through their orchestrated restoration topics or things like that, so those are all like handles of like road maps that I can like develop things, and it all is all going to be based on the content production that I will do, and besides that I will receive a signal. Any sessions that I really get all going to be based on feedback on data points, but definitely inspirational and using those products is coming from also with my own experience as well, because I was the main user first, and then I moved on with other ideas.

LSDan  26:08
Do you have the ability to upload your own tasks,

Albiona Hoti  26:21
no, not yet. So I was

LSDan  26:23
thinking about pitch dynamic, right? Like written version of my pitch into,

Albiona Hoti  26:30
yes, yes, that's that. That was my goal for EPCC, and a lot of people need to have it there. They were like, hey, I need to practice for a subject in my university, like for job representation. Yes, that's one of the requirements that I need to really say how to

Albiona Hoti  26:56
monetization. That's a great question.

Albiona Hoti  27:01
When we are continuing

Albiona Hoti  27:10
My goal is to generate revenue as well, so I think for now this has helped me on how to figure out to do something that actually did they want to learn that process. My next process is going from people using something to needing something, and then adding a wall for payments there.

Speaker 1  27:30
So, yeah, for sure.

Albiona Hoti  27:32
But I don't know, yeah, yeah. Well, one time that I was suggesting was all of these high mob and all those enterprise type of software that have a lot of, you know, like employees and stuff that they go to all these conferences. It was like, oh, hope teams talk, you better representing, like my, my manager from my last job was like he sent me a recording of his employee talking about photography things, and he's like, I don't know, I can't deal with this, I don't know what to do, it's a big

shawmakesmagic  28:09
problem,

Wiki  28:17
yes, yeah,

shawmakesmagic  28:18
so like 100 plus you're evide, like, that's aeonary? Like, evoked, era tawam, that's like, ered, damn, I'll use the eavos. There's a,

LSDan  28:38
like, we did,

shawmakesmagic  28:39
eh? Be

LSDan  28:44
I would pay for what it's worth, for first of all being put in my own pocket, and then maybe I'll send up CTE server that subjects related to what I'm talking about, so that I can speak intelligently about such related to the product.

Albiona Hoti  29:01
This is amazing. I've been exploring the MCP journey because I think it's like even the router you see in the lab. I'm like, that's great, like my mind is just going places with the MCP, so I will definitely do it right away, because I can get immediately people more like chatting to the whole LLMs and be like all the topics that they want to practice that they have forgot on so many threats that are happening on our LLMs, it's of you, but

Kristel Alliksaar  29:33
also medically in a way of really even like stress testing,

Albiona Hoti  29:58
yeah. So I don't do stress testing, I hate that I go live

shawmakesmagic  30:09
stress test

Albiona Hoti  30:14
from the content creation, because you can get to spend so much time on content and showing up, and then if you don't know why you're showing up, you're losing time. So, like, you go way back, and you're like, if I post something, it's like a domingo effect, like I post something, and it's gonna do onboarding with the users and nurturing that retention, monetization, and everything, because I want to go out and, like, I want to build something that I didn't want to maintain, and I want to get the money out of it. That's my goal. That's my

shawmakesmagic  30:46
pretty much you're generally up against everyone else also trying to make great jobs, and so, like, in terms of what supply I think the thing that you should focus on exactly the things that cost you money, which are basically like anything where you have to develop, but like don't nickel and dial them all the free stuff, you know, like the little features of what's going to get to those users. I think that, or like, I would go into this, like, how does this give me feedback? How does this make me a better person? That's how I get a copy teacher.

Albiona Hoti  31:39
Yes, yes, it's 100% true, because all the feedback, then you get from this unclear view to a very clear view of like what is missing on your side, and then when you get to, when I get to see my behavior being changed, it's the same experience that happens with those fastest, you get to go if you go five times in like five weeks, then I slowly see the progress, but it's just a lot of time, but if you get to close that out, you know, wait for something, then it would be.. I definitely would pay for it.

shawmakesmagic  32:14
I think the free version, just like, why would I annotate for the non-fake version, but who cares, or they'll put a really critical, damp thing I need in the fake version, right? It's actually like, yeah,

LSDan  32:37
I mean, for my, my death says, like, I'm probably willing to pay for the more narrow metrics, so like more specific metrics, I'm also probably willing to pay for more use, right? So maybe I can upload my topic, and I can talk about it once or twice, but if I want to track over time.

Speaker 1  33:06
Yeah,

LSDan  33:07
that's something that probably

Albiona Hoti  33:08
is my preference there a lot, because I really want, because I started experiencing this when I started choosing the topics, like, oh, I like this topic, and it was very connected to the philosophy. I was like, oh, interesting. I never thought of this, and I'm into philosophy, right? And then I got into the moment, like, being very excited to be on the app, and I said, this is the experience that I want users to have. So, I guess a lot of it has to do with me, like, actually

Andrew Miller  33:36
using the

Albiona Hoti  33:37
app until I get to the point of, like, this is how I'm going to communicate it, and I'm going to do maybe a new version of the app, and then launch it again with a monetization place from the start, and then once the user gets to experience that,

LSDan  33:54
then yeah, like my experience is things that they're going to pay for in the AI economy is usually something that I've used enough that I've gotten kind of hooked on using it. It's been part of my routine, and then I have to wait some period of time before I can continue to use it, and if I'm only waiting, I can continue to use it.

Albiona Hoti  34:15
Yeah,

LSDan  34:16
they're not like fundamentally blocking me, but you know I have a few thought mass subscriptions because I'm not willing to wait that extra hour and a half and it's worth that extra money for me to be able to just click subscription and continue even though speaking I think

Albiona Hoti  34:37
paying

LSDan  34:37
for both the subscriptions I've at least swap maybe

Speaker 2  34:43
two row search, and if you want to keep asking questions, just tell you, okay? Role is still relevant, so you either buy subscription or switch to nobody wants to miss the top,

LSDan  35:06
yes, maybe one that's also like super like a contrary thing to perplexity, because I don't use perplexity because of all the talks that the founder gave about, yeah, you're buying on your data, like that's the whole point. You want more data, refining your data, and so you know that's where I'm probably willing to pay even more for the TE version. Like, maybe it doesn't need to be entirely, but that's an option.

Albiona Hoti  35:37
No, I would thought about, and I was like, oh, I want to record my therapy sessions, and I would definitely pull that into deviating for a communication type of aspects, like exploring myself, but that, and then that kind of algorithm bleed into a different vertical, like field, but this is what I've been exploring. Basically, it's like the same stack of the app with the same interests, but now it's like I want to really be better if I practice on like moving on the user and then changing the user's clothes and like the role and things like that, and the behavior, because you know there's a lot of apps now that are being built, like, oh, go edit a video, it's the same stack, the editing of the video goes and finds a little bit same, it's a storage reference user case or something,

LSDan  36:37
you know, the other thing I'm seeing in your numbers is that almost half, or roughly half of the users who use

Albiona Hoti  36:45
it

LSDan  36:46
once three times,

Albiona Hoti  36:58
because I basically, I didn't keep up on content to keep up talking about elocute. This all came after two three videos that I did on Instagram, but it's.. I find that's where I was thinking, okay? Did I make a mistake online not having the company with email, so that people can come in.

LSDan  37:23
Definitely, there's some sort of callback.

Albiona Hoti  37:26
Yes,

LSDan  37:27
people are forgetting in the morning, 30 day versus seven day.

Albiona Hoti  37:32
Yes, I have

Speaker 2  37:35
closed meeting. meetings that will automatically create a lot of set work and I don't have to add the quotes, I will use this, maybe check the results, but if I am reacting to the dashboard,

Speaker 1  38:16
yeah,

Kristel Alliksaar  38:16
I will feel this is magic,

LSDan  38:19
I would laugh it out along with my notes like wobble while speaking or like like something that I can glance at while I'm doing a panel or something. How articulate am I in this panel so far

shawmakesmagic  38:32
meaningful

shawmakesmagic  38:36
to this like like one that we all have is that we're kind of like a pretty narrow addressable market, and we tend to get like very technical a lot of information, so like why do like there are very restrict learning problems speaking, but it's because they're like trying to address their insecurities, or like wanting to get that job, like you know, it's like very warm shit, and I wonder, like, like you also like have a lot of information, and like they're like, but I did see like you know, like don't you want to be more confident, like more goal, like taking short of your life, like you need to learn public speaking, like this is something you'd be practicing every day here, check out this app, it's going to help you screening it started, like I think that really like what do people believe, like what is their deep like insecurity or fear, desire or want, and then you're just like public speaking is the solution to that, like that's a lot of marketing in here that excess,

Albiona Hoti  40:03
yeah. Another idea I wanted was that, you know, I did this other half, it's called Howell Base Ace, not an app, it's just like a very marketing thing that I can go and upload a picture of mine, let's say if I have something here,

Speaker 1  40:19
whatever, now I get

Albiona Hoti  40:22
two very personal lists

Speaker 1  40:24
here,

Albiona Hoti  40:26
and then it analyzes my app, and from all of this perspective, this is very simple, but it's just like a perspective on, like, hey, with every selfie, every post, every tweet, you're being defined as someone who needs and wants, or have whatever trigger untargeted profile.

shawmakesmagic  40:45
There's no reason that nobody's swiping left right. Your images suck. You need to come download this app right now. It's going to help you. You know how they did better. You know

LSDan  41:00
what's the next

Albiona Hoti  41:02
one out? after this app? How they see you. I was like, I need an app that is the same as elocute, but it doesn't check how I'm articulating things. It checks my posture, my face, the way that I speak, and it gives me a conviction score, so that, and that is connected to a lot of affirmation, virtual of all the girls are addicted to manifestation and like practicing and having these behaviors that they do every day. It's like,

Albiona Hoti  41:35
yes,

Albiona Hoti  41:35
well, you don't have to write on your journal, you go in front of your mirror, but in front of a mirror

Speaker 1  41:40
it's

Albiona Hoti  41:40
just like awkward, so you open the market map,

Albiona Hoti  41:43
and they went AI to scan you around your dream person and dream hive, and stuff like that. That is the development, but is all

Albiona Hoti  41:53
of these

Speaker 1  41:53
ideas

Albiona Hoti  41:53
can be after, because it's just violent, open up on like all of these experiences and angles. How do I communicate this TikTok version of it in a faster way. I guess I would need to develop.

shawmakesmagic  42:10
I'd say so much.

Albiona Hoti  42:11
Yes,

shawmakesmagic  42:12
do you understand that if I use this app, ideally makes the event a problem figure? Is that like the like, erased, eepe, like, veherae, like, you know, I'mechess, you're allegee,

Kristel Alliksaar  42:39
bear, kraebaeh actually doing that, yeah,

shawmakesmagic  42:57
yeah, exactly. It's not just like

Kristel Alliksaar  43:01
communication. yes,

Albiona Hoti  43:19
yes, yes, the story is important, and

shawmakesmagic  43:25
definitely getting better. I can already see in group that,

Albiona Hoti  43:31
yes, this

Speaker 1  43:36
is

Albiona Hoti  43:39
It,

Speaker 1  43:42
well, I guess I'm done.

Kristel Alliksaar  44:00
a like just normal users asking me about like your data and answer, you know, so

Albiona Hoti  44:12
I mean it depends on conversations, if I have all my therapy sessions, and if I.

Kristel Alliksaar  44:18
this is very interesting things you know, because it seems to me that I can see companies, for example, having their information actually. It

Albiona Hoti  44:39
all depends on the stakes, if for them it's high stakes like fascinating, then they would hear, but like, how the and then the user interface, and like, how do you communicate that is very important. Another few things that I got from Hung in the SAP, he said something like LinkedIn, for you can do a LinkedIn for professionals like video stylists, all that

LSDan  45:11
narrows your target market to people over 50.

Albiona Hoti  45:16
No, yeah. Okay. Thank you, guys,

Speaker 1  45:22
so this was so nice

LSDan  45:33
looking great.

Andrew Miller  45:37
Why don't you go next, Wiki?

Wiki  45:42
That sounds great. I will hop on my laptop, so I'll just switch it over, and then I'll reconnect my headset.

Andrew Miller  45:53
Yeah, perfect.

Speaker 1  46:00
Like,

Wiki  46:18
hear me.

Andrew Miller  46:20
Oh, yeah. Great,

Wiki  46:23
great. Okay, I'm. or

Kristel Alliksaar  47:46
briefly I.

Wiki  49:36
Uh, sorry, so give me like one more minute,

Andrew Miller  49:42
successfully screen trying to share something other than your whole screen.

Wiki  49:51
I did try, like just try Okay, well, is

Andrew Miller  50:21
that sorry? I can see your wiki gen site.

Wiki  50:25
Okay, great, perfect. I just presentation, yeah, yeah. Founder

Speaker 1  50:36
is

Wiki  50:38
a waiting independent researcher lab for an enterprise YouTube. Sorry,

Andrew Miller  51:00
it's possible

Andrew Miller  51:12
on hers or on our Hold on a second, Wiki. We're our little presentation laptop just ran out of power spike being plugged in. I don't know, it rung with a second.

Wiki  51:49
That's okay.

Speaker 1  52:02
This is

Andrew Miller  52:09
That's just the US, she was supposed to arrive Monday, maybe. She was in Hawaii, I guess I

Speaker 1  53:28
Okay.

Andrew Miller  53:55
Wow,

Andrew Miller  54:02
usually Usually six, is it yours?

Speaker 1  54:14
Oh, okay,

Andrew Miller  54:22
okay. I think we're finally good. Wiki,

Wiki  54:26
okay, I will just try to be like concise, but I'm visual. Also, reasons why this kind of, sorry, yeah, wiki gen really instead of wanting to publish or share data sets or who has what in the industry of bio or clinics and occasionally someone will have an optimized protocol that's better than yours like outside, so in this mesh, usually biotech is incentivized to work, and there are consortias that come up regardless. Biotech is very on prem favorable for where the compute is run, for how like the and patenting is structured around that with like legal for these collaborations to exist in the first place, so it can be very slow and occasionally can be hard to know who has what, actually all the time, and then there's gaps in knowledge, of course. So, if you're not incentivized to publish, or if publishing is hard, How do you know where to like find what you're looking for. That's where you could come to Wiki Gen, and if you are an independent researcher, if you are a lab, if you are a business enterprise proprietor funded to be open source, regardless, you could have basically us have a duplicate account on your, you know, like on your GitHub or on your entire stack, if you want to, like, sign us up. If you have whatever you give, whatever on point to look at, if it's unstructured data, structured data, we make do with that, and we also try to understand who your company is, how your grant funded, what your like near-term long-term goals are to help agents be able to help you unrealize who may want data that is just sitting, who would pay to like access something you already are an owner, and then you retain an amendment out the whole time, because obviously, want to promote, or they're like treasure, I guess. Either way, in biotech, they're incentivized to collaborate, and they tend to do this without NDAs time, depending on where the funding is coming from, and they tend to do really by emailing data over, and now, because I'm really visual, I mean, if you want to spend this journey of exploring how biotech organizes some of the data, you can come across modern day news cases are like we have a Google Drive, the expensive version is Benchling. They try to make it so your protocol, your instruments, your templates of what employee changes were are kind of like, I guess, tradable for the scientists. Yeah, that we have a digital lab notebook. At times, you still handwrite a lot of this, and the lab help you. They're called Elens, but they help you where with new science, or like new nature. And what I mean by new is most of nature is sequenceable, or you can sequence pretty much everything now. There's very little thing is this is the price of what you can and can't expense varies by a very degree of margins, and there's like three main layers in the sequencing realm for human sequencing, but when it comes to sequencing, we as scientists like to put things into a circle, it's called a plasmid, we learned that from bacteria, because then this genetic contents stuck in a plasmid don't really react, they don't jump around, they're stable, and they're kind of called CDs, like cassettes. So you can cut your biology with enzymes, the enzymes also are sequenced, that's how we know which enzymes can cut where in a plasmid you stick your biology in, and so you have these virtual tools to make things visual, so you plan out your DNA construct, your RNA, your, if you're going to make a library, you want to sequence to then do something like enriched evolution to like use new ways of evolving biology and help have very good libraries, and so libraries are basically like sets of biology grouped by what is the biology, what Guinness is it in, and then are talking now about like immune system, because you can now sequence the immune system, are talking about blood plasma of a patient who's sick or healthy, are we talking about, you know, like things that are later used for drug discovery, or are we just trying to catalog nature? So this here, if you see this, is just like the shape of an antibody. In humans, they tend to be shaped, and you can rebuild different patches of these areas to try to, like, fight cancer, regrow hair, personalized therapeutics, things like this, but everyone who ends up like sequencing the sick in their immune repertoires ends up being a biotech company or a lab, and that is stuck in their lab notebook, right? Or they don't tend to open source that as much, they will open source the drug patent, because they own the drug for a good bit in the bus, so going on, there's bio banks like the Buck Institute, Stanford has a big one too, bio banks are like donate blood or donate different tissue, their brain, etc. and things get sequenced, and then that is accessible in, like, a biobank. However, the Buck Institute, the Stanford Genome Bank, much of the bio banks are not an easy catalog online, like the Kingdom and the United Kingdom Prudential Report, which is like not a pay cap, but an actual, like, are you academic, you're part of an accredited institute who just, like, has is an approved, like, verified, are you who you say you are to access that, but United Kingdom has a very nice digitized way of like, like, kind of catalyzing that, so we come across bio banks and researchers want that for machine learning a lot of the time. The other thing you come across is new patents around inflation models, so this is just like a patent off of studying the oldest populations in the world, you can, they're called Supercenterians. Local to New York Cell Bank is banking. There's a girl in charge of that, who goes around the world, finds old people, and like the oldest people who are also, like, you know, not dying, and like, have, like, I guess a well, like some might have diseases, but then you can separate that out, and so you immortalize the oldest populations of the cell, like of the humans, and when you immortalize it, you can have a cell that is like at a specific maturity, and then you freeze it, and then you can kind of like pour cells from that maturity up to point, because whenever you kind of like thought out cell, make more cells out of this for study yang humans or science, eventually you'll have to go back to this like younger state. So one researcher we met, Dana has a new patent working with that cell bank out of New York off of their immortalized old populous cell lines, where she can make like screening tool, and be in sequence, you know, things that are an immune is like it can study basically how is the immune comparative to another human who is maybe aging differently than the cells they are studying program and understand basically generating tissues that can be maybe addressed with STEM, so that's kind of this platform, but the issue is they own the platform, so like if other people have very juicy things to screen using this technology, they kind of have to know it exists, or they have to know that Dana is in charge of it to collaborate in the first place, and so Dana and her team might have 1000s of sequences that no one else has ever, you know, done that experiment of, and those likewise would help other foundation, other scientists, or other just even like models, like machine models, to understand that this is just another electronic lab notebook, just, but some of them are introducing AI agents, and then this other layer that's happening now, because of the AI industry, is like there's Mithril Biosciences now that's trying to sell a discovery agent for enterprise, which is sort of like, I guess, a wrapper concept, but they're data hungry, they're making these AI scientists, and you're not really pooling data. That's the same issue with the electronic lab notebooks, like you don't really pool data batch to batch, but depending on the owner of the electronic lab notebook, it depends who owns the data, which is also interesting. So, there's some room to make templates and models of other people stayed in this, in this legging, and then they're in the authentic phase. There's just all these new companies sprouting about that are trying to digitize this lab notebook to bio editing pipeline for scientific, and then for science to outsource it in the CRO marketplace, because with robotics and lab automation and cloud labs, how consortia experiment off site, right? And there's a specialization that, like, I don't have the really fancy microscopes or a budget of CRO will, so now we'll trust the cro with our IP and we

Speaker 1  1:05:05
and we

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
