Shaw  0:06
On, but the irony is that it definitely was. Yeah, I can do this, like I may be smarter than the average person, but smart people have to be like, like the only reason keeping a 5.5 would be good at that is that opening eyes, training on everything they can find, you know what I mean, like they're thinking about the problem, so if Shaw can do this,

Albiona Hoti  0:42
I just Can

Speaker 1  0:48
do, I need to go find a restaurant.

Vishesh  1:06
Okay, great games here, and do that all right.

Albiona Hoti  1:17
and

Shaw  1:30
I don't know the gross margin

Albiona Hoti  1:40
to our

Shaw  1:41
net profit is like 55 until 70% margin on Nvidia

Albiona Hoti  1:50
is this running until

Shaw  1:51
they don't, you know, they don't, their entire process

Vishesh  1:58
is done a

Albiona Hoti  2:25
It's for Greg Sock

Speaker 2  2:26
at

Vishesh  2:27
the dinner tables are so confusing.

Speaker 3  2:37
Why do I get the feelings for everything?

Albiona Hoti  2:40
It's not how I

Dmarz  2:42
get to

Albiona Hoti  2:42
and I know we're all

Vishesh  2:50
crazy together Likes them out,

hunter  3:20
you've got the

Andrew Miller  3:36
Interactive project recaps going to talk because he has to leave.

Albiona Hoti  3:48
Oh, okay. So

Andrew Miller  3:51
we should probably do, yeah, exactly.

Albiona Hoti  4:00
My app, my app. Yeah, that's actually really.. wait, can I.. can I..

Speaker 4  4:09
it's your.. it's pet.. it's her pet laptop.

Albiona Hoti  4:13
Now I want to kiss me. I've been built an app, and it's the cutest. We need to run this app on the laptop in the box. Oh my gosh, that's so cute. Yes, yeah. yes, yes, yes, yes, and by the way,

Speaker 5  4:55
oh my god. Up, oh my gosh, am I gonna walk around

Albiona Hoti  5:19
with it? It wait, wait, let me join the meeting. I forgot that. Oh, I

Vishesh  5:55
like it.

Speaker 4  5:57
That's so

Speaker 2  5:58
funny.

Speaker 3  6:00
What is It's a random

Speaker 6  6:09
tea. Now,

Speaker 2  6:39
really.

Albiona Hoti  6:54
I can do a portal, I can, I can open a portal,

Speaker 7  7:00
damn. Dan,

Speaker 4  7:11
is this what your, what your house sounded like when your kids were

LSDan  7:13
young? Very, very close. We had the election speaker. Oh, I know that they would actually call for it.

Speaker 4  7:20
Wow, that's too much. That's too much power. That might be too much power.

Albiona Hoti  7:39
I don't like it,

Andrew.

Speaker 5  8:03
Oh,

Albiona Hoti  8:08
we can't hear you right.

Tina Z  8:17
Loud speech is really

Speaker 2  8:24
loud. I'm

Tina Z  8:28
trying to center on my own screen

Shaw  8:37
the view of the room, although it's a bit difficult to see

Albiona Hoti  8:44
everyone. Maybe we can just introduce ourselves. This is Albie.

Speaker 8  8:49
Yeah, yeah, listen here. Who's there? Because I can't really see. Yeah, I see some friends that I maybe vaguely recognize their parents to Exist,

Speaker 4  9:07
right? Yes. Hi. How's it going?

Speaker 8  9:10
Okay. She doesn't know yet. She's one of the main characters today.

Speaker 9  9:16
Oh Lord,

Tina Z  9:21
this was the market for STT back in the days after the latest ad has been very helpful for a lot of the teleport experiments, so I prefer you guys. That's exactly what you believe as well. Okay,

Albiona Hoti  9:51
can you guys just hello, whoever is in the back.

Dmarz  10:00
Up partially to intro yourself to Tito, but also just to in charge

Albiona Hoti  10:07
the room. No, but you, it's gonna take a lot of

Greg the Greek  10:11
time

Tina Z  10:14
now.

Novel Tokens  10:18
We're good, okay.

Tina Z  10:22
Great. Another main character today. Well, I missed presentation earlier this week, but I get to hear a little bit snippet, you know, in just a bit as we reach

Speaker 2  10:39
out to each

Tina Z  10:39
Patrick.

Yeah,

which project are you with? I haven't met

James Barnes  10:57
with Tiny Cloud, and a friend of Ethereum,

Tina Z  11:10
you are a shable keyboardist, constantly exploring different projects in common directions, but they, I would say, at heart, probably one of the people who fixed the shape of the poor definition in our book, not what our visionaries asked the definition, but which we will share in a little bit. Why we call this program geolocated, and what you know are we expecting for what has unfolded so far, and how is program geolocated in order to optimize for that objectives of individual symbols. But thanks to you here,

Speaker 10  12:01
I I invited him

Tina Z  12:14
right. Around, but at least I think that Greg would be here. We'll have a friend who's also in DeFi finance and who's going to present beautiful Okay,

Speaker 11  13:14
On yeah, and the to

Greg the Greek  13:31
be

Speaker 12  13:37
here. Out of time, great representation, given the

Tina Z  14:00
project representation.

Speaker 2  14:01
payments

Speaker 13  14:02
platform that enables

Speaker 14  14:18
organizational design and available equity. Oh, okay, that's hiding around, um have more questions maybe next week I

Tina Z  14:37
and you're here all over again,

Speaker 2  14:52
all.

Speaker 11  14:57
Wow, crazy! Okay, novel also joins. And

Tina Z  15:00
then

Greg the Greek  15:01
novels.. let me give you a sense of space. What it looks

Speaker 2  15:12
like when you're passed

Albiona Hoti  15:13
around. This is the.. you're a cat in a box.

Tina Z  15:15
I can't really recognize you anymore.

Shaw  15:20
My name's Ryan. I'm working on novel

Speaker 2  15:23
tokens.

Dmarz  15:33
We are all in search of the novel tokens. Okay, that's everyone. I can go try and put a pathoid for Greg's head into

Tina Z  15:51
the room. I want to do a quick recap of the week since I myself was supposed to be there about a week ago, but due to various travel mishaps going from Bali to Tokyo, accidentally actually getting into Japan without visa, and then trying to go from Tokyo to New York, stopping over at Hawaii, so then try to recover, so not to get anything anyone over there said, but I'm not good at recovery. And then I was supposed to try to assess today, but somehow I'll get to lose my passport, so you may just bring make your life unnecessarily difficult, so don't be me when you travel, and then I go back and diamond passport in the next 12 hours, but I, regardless, I will be able to get to New York over this weekend. But apologies once again for not being fair on today, and so I had to do a bit of last-minute re-show ahead. I know that a lot of folks have identified interest for PM as a clinic this the original session that was planned, but I think that PMF today will, in the context of Iran's project, we will speak around and talk TMF, but in the context of projects, and next week we will have a more extended week that will focus on everyone's product on PNF, but today conference session will have a PNF angle as I try to co-host here with my partner in crime, Dean Ars, who was able to facilitate and be the Eagle Roadmaster in person, but so first I like to help myself and everyone who has not been there throughout week to do a quick run-off week, a quick recap, so you have the project map?

Dmarz  18:22
No, I will project this up

Speaker 2  18:25
right now.

Tina Z  18:27
Okay, great. So, as we call the Shaylinear OS, that's what I call it, the project map, the pack mapping up on screen. Raise your hand if you were there on day one on the Monday.

Okay, yeah, that's basically what I had to run,

and so what happened on Monday? I've seen the agenda and in the abstract, like what left an impression on your

Speaker 2  19:12
mind.

Tina Z  19:14
Oh, and maybe someone on the shared street of the project mapping

Andrew Miller  19:18
on it,

Speaker 2  19:19
so I

Fucory  19:20
good will it was very hot.

Albiona Hoti  19:30
It was extremely hot. The weather was so hot, we were boiling in the room. Other than all the sessions that happened, we were also boiling.

Tina Z  19:40
I'm sorry for presented on Monday. It would, you may have to go again this

Andrew Miller  19:53
weekend, remember, at all.

Albiona Hoti  20:01
Oh, the Monday was the onboarding,

Kristel Alliksaar  20:04
right?

Tina Z  20:07
Why?

Good, for many a question I have for since I saw that James raise your hand as a common resident who's been here and seen friends, you know, come and go and stop being by the comments. What stood out to you when you first met folks in this cohort, any, any bias, impressions, and whatnot on on the first day, and this first

Speaker 2  20:46
week.

James Barnes  20:47
Yeah, I mean, I think being here, for you know, I've been here in one way or another since August, and so I think a lot of the potential that you talked about in different ways felt very actualized, and it does feel more actualized every day about people who all care about the same things are really smart. I really, on Monday, especially with the dinner projects and say hear everybody present. I just felt like a lot of energy and alignment, and feel really happy and grateful that everybody's here.

Tina Z  21:34
That's awesome. So, as everyone here, some of you may be the first day or day two stepping into the school

as a Jason connected to the comments that some of folks here, some of those here are staying at, apparently there is a hiding secret door that directly connects from the outreach of the school to the commons. How many of you guys in the room has, you know, been that has not been to the comments, like not the school, but

Speaker 2  22:16
comics do

Albiona Hoti  22:24
Have you visited Liz, the

Andrew Miller  22:25
convent share the questions?

Albiona Hoti  22:27
No, Liz, raise your hand. You have not been. I don't think I've been to the convent portion. I think I've only been to the school portion.

Andrew Miller  22:36
Raise your hand if you have not been to the weird building that's obviously like straight all the way through the hall.

Albiona Hoti  22:44
Four

Speaker 2  22:45
people

Tina Z  22:46
try to ask a friend. I hear this is great. quite a legendary place, and also the comments of this other ginger program in half the work in progress, just like all of your products. So, what happened on day two, which is

Speaker 2  23:33
Tuesday? It

Greg the Greek  23:34
was still

Tina Z  23:35
hot being stored for X by that idea. Andrew, what was the intended agenda? What was the spec? What was the implementation, and how was the implementation?

Andrew Miller  23:49
I think everyone thinks according to spec, it was project intros and the founder dinner, the founders dirty dinner. What was the projects on.. oh, it was consumer and information, and that was great. And then we had dinner time and

Greg the Greek  24:10
interview fireside chat and storytelling of Carter Piglet.

gonzo  24:13
Something happened for me on Monday or Tuesday. For me, Tuesday, I was having a chat with some of the folks around here, and it became like very clear to me that there's a lot of crossover between a lot of the projects, and I started like toying around with some people about the idea of having the big merch, which at the end of this accelerator we could just like merge every project together, and I just thought that it was just interesting then to just like hear everyone's perspective and hear how they all have like a very similar north star. And that now we get to all kind of like focus on everyone can really like help each other and understand what they're doing, but yeah, I got stuck on this idea that a lot of these projects could benefit off each other, and that it would be, it would be super cool to, to, you know, take a little piece of each one of them and make, like, I don't know, like you said, put them in this OS system to create like super intelligent products do that before, and I thought it was like a really fun opportunity for us to explore as we're like continuing to develop some of these ideas.

Tina Z  25:48
Awesome. Thank you for sharing. So, which projects on this map presented on the consumer and pinful information markets

day, Tuesday.

Can we point to and then and put into that?

Dmarz  26:18
Look at the count, so Who went Tuesday? Tuesday was Daedalus, Pruva, Thee Laying, Ethereum

reprise each time,

so

Tina Z  26:38
Daedalus

Dmarz  26:41
Yes, it's also quite hard to see on our projector right now. Tell my agent to ship a light bulb, please, or someone tell their agent to ship a

Speaker 2  27:03
lightbulb

Tina Z  27:03
quickly? Yeah, I feel bad for both of you. I can imagine it's very hard to say, but everyone has access right on your own devices, so like, so that we can also see directly, but yeah, so let's listen to Davis and like just refresh our last line, so that has a quick speed button, either Tuesday or Wednesday, 36 projects, so traditional market architecture research is offering from Daedalus like that present

Speaker 15  27:41
Is

Tina Z  27:47
great, so yeah, so like everyone here, especially those who are new, like based on my understanding of their list, and maybe something I'll address, especially also to workshop quite interesting to market product team, and I think anyone who started thinking about how your own product may have relationship dependency, or maybe you worry that is it going to be going towards too close to the direction, like that's essentially right now you may not yet know or have thought about each of the products relationship,

having this like growing, evolving living math that maps out each project through its non data and surface clustering and relationship surface complementarity over time, that is intention, that's the intention of this shape of their OS of this map, essentially the shape of their primary objective is to surface synergy and help shape rotate the finding in the dirty outlining product throughout these few weeks and months, and so what's the other products? Yes, so who has not seen the Ethereum installation experience, or raise your hand. If you do not know the product, you may have this discussion that many of us here know the product, because it has less in my personal. Experience, I could write out Ethereum at least once a week in explaining what the future of zero tech experience application design look like in the identical application world, and yeah, raise your hand if you have that experience in your Ethereum,

Speaker 2  30:15
so Okay,

Tina Z  30:22
so suggestion for tonight has meant for social and really getting to know each other after the content sessions this afternoon, after the first afternoon, and it would be really great if we could have this area experience like be part of the fun tonight. I think that I will leave it mysterious, you know, right now, because you have to experience it like this, driving it will spoil fun. Yeah, and James and Gonzo are or the masterminds, and so are the folks who are living in the planet as part of a co-created experience. Usually, why you are part of you are part of product in other world, in other words, what other products presented on Tuesday. Okay,

Albiona Hoti  31:27
can

Tina Z  31:33
we have anything

Speaker 2  31:35
on that? I

Tina Z  31:35
yeah, and I guess Sam and Liz and Andrew are all here sexy seven here,

Greg the Greek  31:58
he

Speaker 2  31:59
was,

Andrew Miller  32:00
I think, shouldn't seven, I

Speaker 2  32:01
believe.

Speaker 16  32:02
Oh, okay, yeah. So raise your hand here if you have, if you are a TikTok

Speaker 2  32:14
user, I

Speaker 17  32:18
I

Albiona Hoti  32:32
raise your hand if you are addicted to short for media, yeah. Now we have more hands. It's four four on the

Tina Z  32:43
room

Albiona Hoti  32:56
hand. hand

Tina Z  33:04
feeling, and this school of design around information diet can be your or your friend's savior or your little sister, who are respected to the, I guess, average information diet is done so in like exploring interactive gamified ways of helping you to evaluate and score and tune your information diet, so this old school design from beating and handling tutor and whatnot, a series of task force exploration, and it works, that's the most important thing. I

Albiona Hoti  34:08
think that's all

LSDan  34:16
that was Wednesday, wasn't, yeah,

Albiona Hoti  34:20
yeah, because

Andrew Miller  34:22
we weren't enforcing time limits then until Crystal volunteered to start

Speaker 2  34:27
enforcing,

Tina Z  34:32
okay, and then I understand my, my Appleton high school college prospect card with presenters shared his founders journey already there. Something like that on Tuesday,

which I think that maybe will make every no,

yeah, so like, and I guess anything that's about on

Speaker 2  35:20
Tuesday,

Dmarz  35:22
I was quite surprised to hear his this like strategy they had where they gave equity to some of the art galleries in order to bootstrap the network, because you know, I think it's like the cold start problem, right? Or there's this like book, like Atomic Networks or something, where you know you want to build a marketplace, and you maybe have a ton of buyers, but you don't have a lot of sellers, and sellers don't want to come on for some reason, or maybe you have a lot of sellers, we don't have a lot of buyers, so you want to be able to, like, you know, bring on, like, atomically buyers and sellers at the same time, and so from what I understand, they went to a lot of these galleries, and they were like, 'Dude websites, what the hell is that? I'm not touching those, and so he had a very hard time onboarding a lot of art, and they had a bunch of like really cool ideas, one, which was a, you had to upload your art to the site in order to go to one of their events during like a big like New York art week, and then the other one, which I thought was super cool, was what I mentioned at the beginning, which is like they started to give some of the galleries upside in the equity of artsy.net in order to put their stuff on the platform, and this is like a move I think Tina and you and I have talked about a lot as well, with like Visa has done this before, where sort of they had a payment network, and a lot of the banks didn't want to actually participate in it, because, like, why would you let people transfer money to someone else's bank? What you know, so, like, why bring your customers onto this payment network when they're now you're building a highway for them to go to another bank, and so a lot of people like, yeah, so we'll, you know, Visa had this clever idea of giving the all the member banks to the networks, like equity in, or like ownership in Visa, they also had a lot of other innovations, which I know you could probably give a whole bunch of Tina, but it was super cool to see that, like, Artsy also took a similar case.

Tina Z  37:43
Yeah, definitely. And that was another previous one to their two users, and I think

Speaker 18  37:57
many

Tina Z  37:58
was that

Dmarz  37:59
which company.

Speaker 18  38:00
Oh, Revolution, and so cool. Okay, great.

LSDan  38:19
Romano,

Tina Z  38:34
can we find pro bono and the other T SQL and SQL stack on the app

gonzo  38:42
is the first Pravana? Yeah,

Speaker 19  38:47
bottom. Thank you.

Tina Z  38:54
So is other if anyone's on projects this year, like, or any comments on, I think we can all read the screen, but rather it's like, you know, adding anything that was interesting that we learned on each of the days I So maybe you'll be up over like so you've been working on TV specific products. How would you describe and identify the relationship between each of the projects that passed on Wednesday, that is like local first, and also anyone else who is, I guess, Andrew, obviously can speak up, can be my guest on. Here on, like, essentially, must adapt to you in this, in this cohort, this

Speaker 2  39:59
cluster.

LSDan  40:00
I didn't see a ton of synergy in these, in between the projects that went on Wednesday, but I did, they did all have the general background of needing some form of key, like or cryptography, kind of focused on private data as a primary concern.

Tina Z  40:29
It's interesting, because you must think that different products work on different parts of privacy stats, naturally, will be synergistic and or complementary and more complimentary. Although I do have questions on any other product markets, I'm not saying about each of the projects, but I'm saying overall privacy is a must be that's hard to sell directly, but rather it's combined with

LSDan  41:05
I was just going to say

Speaker 2  41:06
that

LSDan  41:07
I forgot that I forgot the tiny cloud went on Wednesday as well, so there's definitely a lot of synergy between Tidy Cloud and T SQL.

Shaw  41:21
Well,

Tina Z  41:22
they,

LSDan  41:24
they were thinking of building T SQL, but decided to draw the boundary of their project before they got to that level. They, they want it, but didn't want to build it themselves, so that was kind of the the immediate drawback we're we are hosted Postgres high availability clusters inside of CBMs, and they, they store a bunch of their data in Postgres, but we're not current, or are not currently using CBMs to do that, so this gives an additional privacy guarantee.

Tina Z  42:11
Okay, and I guess from here can you know someone from Tiny Cloud also share what you see as commentary, whether TES club or anyone else in this customer cohort?

hunter  42:30
Yeah, I can. I can share from Tiny Cloud. Unfortunately, Sarah didn't make it through the sister's graduation, so he's not here today. But yeah, I was really surprised by the pretty much everyone that I saw speaking in TSPL, especially. Right, there's.. we just have to draw a line somewhere in terms of what we're building in Titan Cloud, and I think scope creep has been like a persistent problem for us, so it was really reaffirming to see other people building technology in the space that I think is complementary to ours. I was also really interested in Bit Router and want to investigate further how we can implement that in our stack, as well as just wanting to learn more about about the private signal stack that's being built. I think there is a lot of synergy here. I think my impression is that as time wears on, we get to know each other a little better, better, and connect on a human level, we'll also have a better frame of reference for how the pieces of technology fit together, because I think it can be difficult. Yeah, I mean, I don't know that our site represents it super well. I would say that Tiny Cloud is a way to, the core primitive Tiny Cloud is a way to manage data with signatures. So, in the same way that Bitcoin lets you transfer value using signatures and private key cryptography, Tiny Cloud lets you do that with atomic data sets. sets,

Tina Z  43:57
the two projects I've identified somebody immediately.

hunter  44:16
or in the case of Bit Router, I've been, I've been, my role has been more building applications on top of Tiny Cloud, and right now we have been doing that the way we've been doing that for one customer is wrapping an OAuth token for a Quad Max account, and so as I was seeing Bit Router, and kind of, I've been thinking a lot about how we make our agents more capable, and to route through different models, and so bit router was really fascinating me for that reason. I really think we're going to want to have the opportunity to, you know, whether you route through a frontier model or a privacy. Observing model for something local, I just.. I'm realizing that I need that module in our stack, so that we're not.. we're not so coupled with one inference provider, and especially for the ability to have, you know, progressively more private and sovereign solutions. And then TSQL, I would say, for my part, as the person who's building more on the application layer, a lot of the technical depth was out of my, my, my typical repertoire of understanding the space I work in, but certainly Sam is very excited about it, and as a general statement, I think we want to find more clear synergies with people that are building and trust execution environment. I think it's kind of a core part of our

Speaker 20  45:36
staff. Great, because this process would benefit the most by being able to service complementarity with not only within each other but also by service customers applying potential relationship with

Tina Z  46:00
people who went on Tuesday, which is consumer applications markets, and people who went on Thursday, which is like he was presenting the background of the to spell that application session, so I thought that tiny club was a transcription was focused on transcripts, transcription before your use case. However, description of positioning is seems different. Can you just briefly the journey file like TV-based transcripts? now be described. Sure,

hunter  47:19
I would say there's there's many pieces of the Tiny Cloud stack. Tiny Cloud, at its core, is is a substrate for user-owned data, and so the transcript, transcripts I would say are like a particularly rich type of user own data that you can rewrap in a bunch of different ways at the application layer, there are there is a private transcription project that's one of the many I would say one of the many pieces that's being built on Tiny Cloud. We have a credentialing piece as well, we have an identity piece, we've got Open Key, which is sort of a pretty like solution, I think. Part of this is in, I would say, in servicing the mission of digital sovereignty. Sam is Sam has built a lot of the different pieces of the stack, and I think that he sort of works on the many pieces in kind of a round robin like fashion, so I don't, I don't, I would say yes, tea-based transcription is a part of our whole process, you know, we don't have a ton of users for that particular piece yet, he's been working on a project called Listen, which is an aggregator of transcripts for all sorts of different transcripts and providers, and he's spent more time thinking about aggregating all the different transcripts to Lynn Tiny Cloud, just sort of like a wide, a wide funnel, but as a general statement, I would say we're we're building a lot of different pieces that we're trying to bring together, there's there's kind of a funnel that's collecting lots of important data, so that it can land in your tiny cloud, and then you can do operation time. I think the four components of tiny cloud are really capturing data, structuring data, storing data, and doing computation on top of that data, and so there is a, there is a piece for each level of that stack, they're sort of necessary components, and one of the, I think, the core tensions for us is you can't, you can't build every piece of the stack, and I think sometimes it feels like we're trying to, so yeah,

Tina Z  49:28
yeah, great, thanks for sharing, I guess I wanted to double click on Tiny File in Harvard, because I think Patti, like, I would say a high-potential project that could make people to benefit the most from, like, a. This program is truly understanding whatever killing use cases that may actually drive. I suspect that transfer to maybe actually one of the biggest use cases, like for something like I'm talking about, and like this, together the service the real pain points that you will have, and you already have so great on that day on Wednesday.

Any other products

Speaker 21  50:39
aside from Time Cloud to people, and I guess their brother

Tina Z  50:52
Here, what did you observe as my financial strategy across different projects within this Wednesday?

Speaker 15  51:07
Yeah, for me, basically. First of all, definitely with financial as well, like other resemble credentials authorization agent context we are as relevant

Speaker 22  51:32
and also for theological Frozen, I can shoot

Tina Z  51:50
You know, I can hear you guys, like it was just like you guys sound with a little bit static to me.

Speaker 23  52:00
I think it's good

Tina Z  52:04
now. Okay, cool. Yeah, I can hear.

Speaker 15  52:07
So, yeah, so I'll say it oftener between different privacy centers, privacy center, open source developers definitely integrate one another in developer ways for granted to use together,

Dmarz  52:30
and also for us, because we are serving as many projects presented on Thursday, for example, serving as one of their model providers, and also a lot of people are calling the robot in the metrics. I'm assuming that's going to cost. I personally am also quite excited to try and do a little shape rotation of a bit router, or not total shape rotation, but maybe a feature. I think the DC Net work, which will be a project, will probably start like kick starting in like two or three, which is kind of more like a side open source software project, I think it would be quite interesting to offer in the mid router products, because the goal of the DC Net is to do IP anonymization, and so a lot of people actually like concern

Albiona Hoti  53:51
was

Speaker 24  53:52
40 okay,

Dmarz  54:02
yeah. Anyways, you could do IP, and not like you could basically anonymize the IP to all the people you're getting LLM interests from, so I think that'd be super cool. I know a lot of AI people that are, and it also plays with your thesis, because I think one of the prouder things, too, we got into in your session was like, okay, what is the what is the edge here in this product? Is it like, are you finding people with cheaper inference, or are you finding people with private inference, or maybe both? Those are two different markets to explore, and so if you tack in the DC Net, I can see that as being another interesting value prop for the sort of the private inference market segment draws around. It,

Tina Z  54:53
yeah, so again, it's almost like we can see a supply chain of who could be a downturn user of whose technology in what way, and as, like, you know, we learn more about each other's product, and, like, I think one of the really interesting challenges for this cohort, which is a bit different from the TT award, is that my suspicion, my confidence is that none of the projects right now have started their auto market fit, but no longer, it's like, can we cultivate something with folks within your Oscar, and to create something end to end, meaningful, and useful for those who present on Tuesday and Thursday as an end-to-end service that can be actually useful, that would be, I mean, one of the biggest challenge, so patient in, like, identifying, or where, how we complement each other, and what is the real event, like, what really needs to be created, and so, yeah, I guess anything that stood out online today from Bill Diane Spongers founder during I was actually that was another victorious

Shaw  56:30
scenario as Jeremy Paik novel

Andrew Miller  56:36
really hit

Speaker 2  56:37
it off.

Tina Z  56:39
Oh,

Novel Tokens  56:44
yeah, we, I shared out myself, where we discovered how you are also now living, and is there one degree to face it, first, if you have to be subtexted subjective side of all of the agents in this environment, because there's a lot of work being done capturing how we are using agents or the transcripts where we're talking what we are presenting to the screen represented by the screen, which is somewhat constrained by our choice or the dynamic that we're called, and so wanted to always work on how do you use inference to mine less obvious, like less obvious, like subjective data out of the way that we review ourselves, and so you know a lot of the work we're doing teleport shins, we're kind of fishing, and that's countering on the side of, like, what we go to screen and wanted a greater space that is more projective and probing into the people here, and I won't share too much about the nature of what I'm doing, but yeah, a lot of it does kind of revolve around like setting different frames that are maybe like not necessarily clear in the room, but one of the things I'll probably set up over this time is like having like this field I'll just kind of walk into and any of these like exercises in you, like working on whatever you're thinking on, but kind of create a space of unknowing, which is, I think, helpful for like being a little bit more divergent to think about not just the work, but who's doing the work, and then in the process of maybe activating some entropy, some engineering entropy, or indicating, but also able to reveal things out of that way to be able to kind of study and distill and ask to individuals or shape

Speaker 2  58:58
our papers to kind of do their job, you're muted, you

Tina Z  59:14
Oh, thanks for sharing. Yeah, I think that Phil and Black Hot surgery is definitely one of those surging of so we have more ones on there having to share with anyone who isn't less than a pair, definitely a less than 20 years on in terms of how to find PMF through actually the right propositioning and I. Whatnot, and also tells our own journey in basically applying research into the right problems, and actually having the wicked length in this piece of product that could actually address in a highest leverage and address classic problem that itself is like his ability, his intuition, whether you can rationalize and explain it around, is really limiting. So, how do you bring back essentially to find what is the one thing that's missing? What is the one move that you make that can change the tides that could shape champion our industry like that itself is not a drug. Next time, okay? So, Thursday, Thursday, and also like Thursday's sessions is like that. There will be a backup Thursday session, even that shop has not gone. I'm not for maybe Sean has ways of regaining the major money speaking, so I should not speak to Artie, but yeah, so for those who

were not sending yesterday What was the question? Sorry, I don't know. Only my agent attended. What does your

Dmarz  1:01:30
agent say? It's working on white mode, which just wrote math

Speaker 25  1:01:38
process. so I

Fucory  1:01:52
was there, was your agent there?

Tina Z  1:02:08
So, so, in one so how would you describe JDF to those whose human or Asians forgot to look at yesterday, and what other projects yesterday that stood out to you as something that's interesting to explore further, or you know that there's some

Fucory  1:02:27
synergy, so I would say, like, I don't know if this answers the question, but like, first thing that comes to mind is in tea time today we were actually talking about the water cooler thing a lot,

Tina Z  1:02:45
which is central definition,

Fucory  1:03:01
exactly. Yeah, that definitely nerds like this a lot when we're talking about it today, and yeah, or actually, not even to, yeah, I think even yesterday, I think I've had like three conversations since that presentation about like how that can be useful for people, or how we can use that, or other ways of doing it, so, so yeah, I think that one was definitely like a highlight of the day

Tina Z  1:03:30
Well, I hear that Andrew has gone yesterday to present Teleport Router, which was supposed to be looked at. James, James, James also is a poor restaurant behind the currency of our other router that is opposed to like the angle of the human water cooler, basically the virtual team just carrys the bone and surface identity, and this can also, this is also like the kind of AI version of the orchestrator behind LBCs dinner, as in, like, you know, people are matched based on certain shared contexts and insights that could, that may be complementary, basically may be serendipitous. That is not what oftentimes you expect when you're heads down focus on what you are working on, so that itself is supposed to be the human-born queer concept. I guess I'm not. Sure, whether that kind of, you know, came out in Andrew's presentation.

Fucory  1:04:56
Yeah, another thing I would say, I think, like, compared to the other days, I feel like the other days, the way I see those teams collaborating is like a lot more like direct, in the sense of like their products are kind of super complimentary, I think. For from this day, like, I feel less of a need to like collaborate on product and more of a need to just like pick, pick the brain of people who are trying to like navigate this like hard to navigate space, like, like, like, like, it's less about a product. I just want to, like, learn more about how people are thinking about, like, where AI is going, or, or just, like, how they're using Open Co-op. Like, like, most of my questions are kind of less about, like, the actual product and more about, like, I'm just, I feel confused. I'm sure, like, anyone who's working in AI feels confused. Like, is there any way we can get a little bit less confused? And I'll also say, like, I think, like, we have a lot of.. if you're doing, like,

Speaker 2  1:06:00
this,

Fucory  1:06:00
like, up and spoke, and we can collaborate. I think a lot of the other days have, like, came to us, actually, like, took to the Thursday day, I think, like, AI is terminating everything, so I think we could have put us on any day, really, and probably would have worked in terms of like collaboration. So, I think those are like the two main thoughts that come

Tina Z  1:06:25
along. I love how you are characterizing yourself and everyone is feeling a bit confused in especially those who are working in the Dev Center, Identic kind of a tooling and application, is that why you didn't answer my question. What is the real online definition of JJ

Andrew Miller  1:06:48
online definition of JJ Hub

Speaker 2  1:06:50
at all, no one

Fucory  1:06:51
has seen JJ

Albiona Hoti  1:06:53
Hub, so

Fucory  1:06:55
a fresh one line description,

JJ Hub is JJ Hub is a GitHub clone that has 150,000 tests in it that I buy coded in a week, but it's actually like super, like, despite the fact I just said I buy coded it, it's like actually like production, it's like probably like the most ambitious biggest thing I've built with like AI and Smithers so far, but I have not released it to the public yet. It's just in private alpha right now, mostly because people have been getting a lot of value out of Smithers, so I got a lot of advice from people I was talking to to like focus more on smithers in the meantime, like, see, like, throw as much wood on that fire while it's

Speaker 2  1:07:54
burning.

Fucory  1:07:56
Yeah, I presented Smithers.

Dmarz  1:08:03
Can you do the l2 description of JJ Hub, as well, for the Ethereum

Fucory  1:08:10
people. Yeah, so Jake, yeah, so JJ Hub, I think of as like an l2 to GitHub. So, like, when I was like kind of like searching for, like, is there is there a product market fit, or is this just a Twitter meme? This idea of like everybody wants to get off GitHub, my conclusion wasn't for Twitter meme. Nobody actually wants to get off GitHub. Everybody loves their stars. Everybody loves, like, they're just used to using GitHub. Everyone's a power user of GitHub, like nobody actually wants to leave GitHub. So the pivot, I think, like JJ Hub should make, which is actually pretty analogous to how I think of JJ, is to being like a GitHub l2 and funnily enough, JJ is also like a l2 and I think of it as like you have a separate place that your agents can hack on, it's like their own GitHub that's far away from our production GitHub, where if they, when they inevitably get prompt injected, you can lift the blast radius, and it will, like, support, like, it'll probably have, like, a lot more branches, a lot more commits, you know, agents, or agents commit, like, a lot faster. And then I think of it as, like, it settles from JJ Hub to GitHub, and funnily enough, this is also how JJ works. JJ is like almost like this, like we make a bunch of like commits on JJ, and then then the JJ batch submitter submits them to Git as like a regular Git commit, like every once in a while, so it's like a batch. Add, it's a really bad analogy, to be honest. Just because it only works for, like, I guess people in this room, but

Dmarz  1:09:53
it's also.. I'd like to announce my new side project, JHA.

Albiona Hoti  1:10:02
There's also a side one on the side. More on that

Fucory  1:10:07
later. Sorry, I guess I didn't submit it. Yeah, yeah. So, basically, yeah, so my thesis earlier, what I was saying was like, when I was saying, like, is do people want to leave GitHub? Is this a meme? Basically, I'm saying, like, the all l1 thesis is like a complete meme, and nobody actually wants to go to an all l1 ever, but people may want to like do another studio that settles on the main chain, which is GitHub. Okay, so what? What is the reinstation of Smithers and JDA Health? Yeah, yeah, so Smithers is basically, you can think of it as GitHub Actions. It's basically just like compute that's running somewhere. It can run on the computer, from the cloud in JJ Hub. Like, there it's very analogous to GitHub Actions. Like, if you ever use GitHub Actions, it looks very similar, where you have like a dot Smithers folder, and then that folder has a workflows folder. So far, this is exactly how GitHub works. And then you put, you put, you put it in there, but instead of that, instead of that being a YAML-based GitHub workflow, now it's a Smithers workflow, which has like first class support for agents, variable workflows, fixes a lot of the pain points with GitHub actions, and that's another reason why, why JJ Hub have, like, a little worried about it, because JJ Hub kind of distracts people from what the actual product is, like, like people get very stuck on the GitHub part of JJ Hub, and that's actually like the GitHub part of there is a GitHub part of JJ Hub, but it's really just it's just there because it has to be there, and there's not really any innovation going on there. It works the exact same as GitHub or the exact

same as

Gettia or any other Git Forge. You could look out there and the actual like innovative part is along the GitHub action side, so that's actually been like a problem I've been having when trying to explain the value prop, is that it's not necessarily innovating

Speaker 2  1:12:16
on like Git, get like Git storage or anything like that, so

Tina Z  1:12:22
on the interview for C user Andrew, as I

Speaker 26  1:12:29
know, he is an added Slithers user, and he may have opened an area with JBM concept that, like, yeah, Andrew, how would you characterize it? How long did you use Smithers? What do you use it for?

Andrew Miller  1:12:48
Oh, man, I have not used Smithers successfully much, which is a good sign of like a demand, like I look at Smithers and I know what I want it to do, and that's like clear, that's like one good leg of a feedback loop in a really promising way, I want it to keep my agents more organized for longer, and I'm going to be cheap for Smithers to do that. JJ Hub, well, it's not

Fucory  1:13:18
awesome. Yeah, actually it's fine. It's funny, like the reason why I look at Smithers and decided this had more like PMF than TVM, which I was working on before, was basically because of people like Andrew, where like Smithers for like probably two months was like a pretty terrible experience, unless you were me, like unless you like knew how to like go in there and when it breaks, like unbreak it or like change the source code, like fix a bug in real time, and unblock yourself, like the fact that, like, I noticed, like, with TVM, a lot of times when things broke, people would just, like, silently churn and not actually complain about it, or, like, you can open a bug report, whereas Smithers actually had people getting, like, upset, like I really wanted this to work, and it's not working. Like, can you please help me get this to work? And that to me was a signal that I had like more PMF, and why I pivoted from focusing on TVM.

Speaker 27  1:14:23
So I'm going to like when in yesterday's agentic touring agentic application. Say

Tina Z  1:15:08
yeah. so speaking of what's your impression yesterday, how would you describe their data in technology and also other projects that stood out to you that went yesterday, so

Speaker 19  1:15:26
I

Speaker 2  1:15:31
do see some preferences for this yesterday. I saw it as a good pilot maker, which could use an alternative pocket. What do you currently use

Speaker 19  1:16:00
They are just using multiple anyways based on the use presented also knowledge. What's happening? entire organization, the conversations with a college

Speaker 2  1:16:46
space? but

Dmarz  1:17:03
also to

Tina Z  1:17:04
speak Google.

Speaker 28  1:17:08
something that could be running for whatever, so if you spend a long time period, let's say we're trying to compress something like we want to do seven, we would, you know, essentially the agent having that particular context would be great. That's where I realized I think I just ended up also getting my pitch that I'm looking into more context to realize how I can use it to maintain the context across like really cool, and the fun thing is that I found it over like Jennifer Doctor like two months ago, I think when the first attack was happening, and they posted about it in one of the chats, and me and my team made signing up, but we could not like realize what the potential was, so like, so what's the purpose of, you know, posting my whatever influence that public definitely message, but then yesterday James actually raised this really good use case that me and Ady was also talking about in the morning, that you could like meet people that are like-minded on teleport, right, so whatever employer is hosting, it will match you with them, and it's kind of like setting up this live date of few people that are using the notebook,

Speaker 29  1:18:36
so anything else anyone else presented on Wednesday off the hub and

James Barnes  1:18:50
four of us

Kristel Alliksaar  1:18:57
with my mind at least to really simplify the complaint super energy between them because really to make like end user product because because you know there was inputs and good configuration there was ingestion and then there was outputs so basically like I great,

Tina Z  1:19:34
so okay, that's kind of my punch. So raise your hand. Like 80% or more of your work over 80% Raise your hand.

Speaker 2  1:20:00
I see

Speaker 17  1:20:01
2345, years. those who have raised their hand, raise your hand again if you have AI psychosis, and

Shaw  1:20:30
you really need help.

Albiona Hoti  1:20:35
Come on, let's be honest,

Tina Z  1:20:40
information diet, depressive addiction corrections therapies and the Ethereum team to really hone in there to improve the worldwide policy by the end of this program to cure their AI psychosis, if they can have healthy privileges with their Agenx Act, and I think for those who presented on Thursday local birth the identities act of not only setting within your own cohort in terms of like actually building something truly useful, your product may be evolving throughout the week, and everyone in the room is your user, and so, like, I like, I, so, in other words, I think I would again reference and take on upgrade a little bit, since you know we know you and your manager there, I think that what Bobria has kindly shared as confusion, as anyone who's working in AI, like agentic tooling AI space, not only is because it's moving so fast, I think that you're also trying to figure out what is your five positioning like, given that anyone can be your user, but yet the global closest constantly moving as New York Wi-Fi, coming out that circuitability possible and that would shift what you perceive, you know, a month ago, three months ago, as the pain point that everyone is experiencing. So, how do you, in an extremely fast-aging landscape, still be centered and have a unique positioning that will give you at least three to six months of protection of building a product that will be able to have traction and not be superseded immediately by what everyone else is building as well as what they class are coming up with, and that's what I suspect, plus the everyone's project, as in everyone is not always like just, you know, settling serving for get a product market fit, perhaps the product that you currently have with the project, they're all just part of your own learning experience. I think I see each of the project in the Thursday block of cohort. Essentially, you're building the tools that enables everyone within this cohort, and this cohort can be, I think, a great NHLC user. user to help you evaluate the menu part. What value are you actually creating, and what does it look like? I think that Helen itself were the human water cooler replacement, an identity placement that can intelligently match based on shared context and service insight, and deliver message in the right combater that product I think is much more personally familiar with it, because I may have raised many. Product requests in the past, as in, I myself have the biggest pain point in my own capability, and I see this as needed across teams that are siloed, and this big leader cohort is a perfect playground sandbox to surface shared insights, serendipity, coherent synergy across the cohort, and to be delivered to you in a high signal, low noise fashion, and informal, and you can accept whether you are a sick maxi, where you only answer like in a conversation in a dialog, like you know, in a way that can best engage your brain, so like that's essentially a more product-oriented project compared to like that seemed like other other projects are still in shuffle, as in their last discuss, you know, and like, whether they can service a particular animal particular in this group. Well, yet, as in, like, I think about the success we should be any academics within the first month, which in almost three weeks from now will be part of the Ecola Athel and be one of the I will have basically in talks with Robert in the week long to have one of our families in three weeks then essentially everyone who is in the Wednesday and there's a comfort can actually have cloud rate and great use cases that address the pain point of at least one person in this room today, and I think that's one of the things that everyone is working on around tooling should tie to a small call to aim for make something truly useful that is 10x or 100x of anything that exists already, and so, yeah, so I guess with that I'm going to ask you a little bit. I know that Shaw has not gone yet, and I also know that one of our guest visitors, Greg Rick, was here and is supposed to be here. So, let me ask, is Greg still here?

Dmarz  1:27:24
He's in the other room. I know

Speaker 2  1:27:26
Gravity.

Tina Z  1:27:28
So, do you know when he needs to go to this dinner?

Dmarz  1:27:32
I think seven is what he said, which is in 20 minutes.

Tina Z  1:27:37
Okay, so his time for contact on throughout this entire program, and I think he is really good, as he goes on, like one of the most successful, it's kind of funny, it's a dev child, but it sounds, it's also a dev child as successful over time, it's almost like a technical product, as in, they can pick out, they can pick out what is likely going to have action, what it's like to go down in that amount of

Speaker 30  1:28:29
universal products that he did work on, and that he has chosen to kind of use his own software, even in

Andrew Miller  1:28:50
that

Speaker 24  1:28:56
product

Dmarz  1:29:02
Accele doesn't have the higher variants

Tina Z  1:29:11
of

Greg the Greek  1:29:16
anti psychosis,

Speaker 2  1:29:17
right? Yeah,

Tina Z  1:29:25
that's are out the cohort like both recently at seven and I guess a lot will I think we can start. Of this, so reporting characterization

Albiona Hoti  1:29:59
of

Tina Z  1:30:00
you and your personal journey, and I'm going to also, this one is going to be accountable experiences from this, and based on what I know about this, this is Is, as I mentioned, good market when it comes to when it comes to back in the days, which I think some of you here may be familiar stuff, which is the NFT, like I guess studio remind you that it's my grade, but it's hard to characterize at that point, but this time experience, so I can go to that in the next couple of

Speaker 4  1:31:02
minutes. Yeah, I can. Hey, I'm Liz. So, my background is in all things growth, BD marketing community. I've been working in crypto for around the past 10 years. In terms of my, like, overall experience, I started out my career working at working on Wall Street at Goldman and asset management, and then I moved to Berlin to work at a startup there, and then from there I was working at an old Slayer one, shout out all their ones, different, different era, different era in crypto, and then from there I was working at a Zuiki, and now I'm consulting with Flash Flush

Speaker 2  1:31:42
on Is

Speaker 31  1:31:45
on leaving, and

Speaker 4  1:31:48
yeah,

Tina Z  1:31:53
so I think basically, in my view, well, it's challenging, but it's interesting, because, like, for Brett, and someone like Liz, I see them as essentially like potential contributors that could help everyone who is in the shape related homework, who is educated for yourself, like understand in their own areas of expertise, so in this, in her case, most of the books, aside from this, was presented on Tuesday, which is much more consumer and markets, and much more like on the traditional category of such a consumer product like this is a good person to kind of a good build a version for actual building market like I think co design and and you know run experiment live I think that for most of the folks who are in the Wednesday, which is privacy cohort, privacy tech cohort, and the Thursday, which is identity stack cohort. I think that, as I mentioned, we may be a couple weeks before getting to a place of East Asian guy that could utilize go to market in other words, like you may be a physics earlier beforehand, like this past experience as a living shape of organizations successfully, and also lived through able to ship anything that is fine, and so on, to getting adjacent over the years to knowing how to kill products, like how to kill products, what not to work on, is a really useful skill for the exact cohort and the agent exact cohort, as in some things are just not working for us, as in, like, the especially target user, what is the actual buy you are creating specific questions, so that would be valuable, so I like to ask you no. First conversation we had in San Francisco a year and a half ago at Irish one night, but you and me, who has been with Google X for over 10 years, where we discussed kind of the R and D journey of how do you actually prioritize ideas, and what are the hardest harvesting? So I think that, like, our conversational ability and impression. So, what, like, in your experience, right? Like, how, like, you know, what is the hardest thing, like how to decide after the days of what product and projects when you have the ability of implementing every anything and everything, but you have limited deadweight, and like, and you're more developer and infrastructure focused.

Greg the Greek  1:35:49
What was the question,

Tina Z  1:35:53
what products can

Greg the Greek  1:36:04
Killing projects is like harder, killing killing projects is like each systematically easier, but harder due to like emotional attachment, so we typically set really clear requirements across like multiple segments, I mean, like you shouldn't even build until you talk people to build it, but like once you do that, we're like relatively good at setting like metrics for you know on the BD side and on like the tech side for what has to like get fit for us to continue working on it, otherwise we kill it, but like what ends up happening is like a little bit too much emotional attachment

than the idea of giving it one more month, and you know it always ends up dragging out a little bit longer than you should, but usually we only get stuff like one quarter, like you have about

Speaker 32  1:37:10
one. What's your workflow, and kind of, how do you set, like, kind of like the process? You know, how are the teams? How are the teams divided back the days? Like, what routines and things that have worked over the

Speaker 2  1:37:24
years,

Tina Z  1:37:24
being able to enable that successful, like minimizing population on products and

Speaker 2  1:37:33
projects.

Greg the Greek  1:37:34
Yeah, there's no, like, playbook, you just have to do it a few times and learn from your own mistakes, truthfully, I think, like

Speaker 2  1:37:48
one of,

Greg the Greek  1:37:49
like, one of, like, the best things you can do, though, is like set your set, like, very diligent targets, and talking to the cohort of people that are going to like use this thing, I mean, it was a bit more unique for us back in the day, because we would like prop up networks by building their like node infrastructure, because they didn't have like anybody to like build an alternative client, so it's a little bit more unique, but when we started to experiment on our own, it was really about just like giving it a few months as an attempt, talking to people about going down that road. I mean, nowadays with AI, like I would argue, like just POC something shit in like two days to help with the discussion with potential clients as we so

Tina Z  1:38:46
let me ask you a couple more specific example based on what you said, so like for you said it's really important to set for setting metrics and kind of validating, and that we also mentioned that in a lot of the work that you used to keep work on is to help other people who do not have the capability or the resource to shift, like essentially a network that they may have to design and whatnot. Like, can you do a couple of great examples of like the type of work, the type of project that is the quote, and then like anyone, and like you know the kind of method that you set for them, and why you, they have killed some of the

Greg the Greek  1:39:35
products like. The atypical ones would have been like Coastar or nothing, right, like those like long-term grant-based stuff, and then we would build on top of it way back in the day. We, what we do is, we would like assemble a like Skunk Works team, and we would try to rotate people who are on that by bringing other teams together, so we take like one person from each team. We used to change it. We used to have about 15 independent teams running at any given time, depending on consulting and some of our own internal projects. It was like quite big, and so we would grab one person from each team and scuff course them together on like mini like POC style projects that we could have some cross pollination happening. It was usually pretty good. One of them we did was way back in the day, was that we didn't Metamask by the, the like RPC protection service web block. No, it's like the middlewares, like approvals and shit, like block aware or something like that. You know, what I'm talking about, it's like it checks to make sure before you like simulates it, and make sure it's like

Speaker 25  1:41:07
steep.

Greg the Greek  1:41:08
We like tried to do that. We had it like implemented, and we had to kill it, because

like no wallet would like onboard, you know. We tied it with like three or four wallets, we had like a little PSC of the gun, and like none of the wallets were onboarded, they were like, "Oh, we're just gonna like wallet ourselves, and so we had to kill it, because there's just like no room likes for it. And then six months later, they all raised money to do it, and we're like, we had to adhere to our rule, which is like, we gave it like two months, and it was like we couldn't find clients, you know, we had the demo that was like we needed a design partner to like finish it off, and that's that's just the reality, right? It's like sucks, there was like 100 mil rate of like vehicles before they did kind of the same thing, like six months later, 12 months later, but you know, sometimes it's market timing and sometimes we've killed so many things. I like recently just killed something, like we were doing like one of the new art aggregation kind of stuff. We did like two, three months of it, and just killed it, because like

Tina Z  1:42:22
maybe kind of more,

Speaker 28  1:42:28
yeah, yeah,

Greg the Greek  1:42:29
we like, we didn't follow our own rule on the product side, so like we only chatted with like cohort of users that are in a very particular niche, they were like only gnosis card users, and they gave us the wrong signal, and then also

Tina Z  1:42:51
the wrong signal, as if it wasn't representative of the rest of the world.

Greg the Greek  1:42:58
Yeah, it

Tina Z  1:42:59
wasn't in a

Greg the Greek  1:43:00
market, yeah, it wasn't a diverse set of five enough to go forward, and then also, I mean, after like weekly

Tina Z  1:43:19
hacks, so maybe just to take one handed knives ready to introduce that you have done it from essentially the down shop that focuses on bringing bias tests when they implement it for these third party customers towards building your own project that is discouraged sprinter, so what was what was originally what was sprinter, and how

has it committed over the course of past a yeah,

Greg the Greek  1:44:08
we started as like an MEV solving team, then we had to, then we like went into liquidity provisioning for the solvers cross chain, so it meant,

Speaker 2  1:44:30
like,

Greg the Greek  1:44:30
you know, moving USDC and other assets around by taking loans against them to arbitrage, and again, like liquidity flying between chain. Things that we could solve with it. Nowadays we have expanded the node to just like offer the same like constraint constraints to clones that we were offering to solvers, and now offering it to like a minor cohort of equal use cases. We brought note to be like injury

Tina Z  1:45:12
alone, but with like a bunch of restrictions, so we can go under collateralized flows, so in like in the winter afternoon, why don't you first like are you using two sort of product or factor in terms of what are you actually building and selling, so like the first one from like essentially the team that does the agentic solving team across towards servicing those teams,

Greg the Greek  1:45:50
yeah, like we were still like our number

Tina Z  1:45:57
one customer vision happen

Greg the Greek  1:46:04
the loans are too expensive for us against like the profit margin, so like the rates got super compressed and became super competitive, and in order to prop up our own like facility to compete with the PMs, like the professional market figures, we had our own, like, like around football, and the rates to borrow at those levels were like pushing like 15 to 20% typically, and it would just keep the margins too hard, so we knew we could get it for like six to 10 by going through all these kind

of

Tina Z  1:47:00
like the pain point yourself, not only your power as your potential revenue or your current market is low, but you're also seeing the pain point of where the cost is coming from and the means on that, so that it becomes more sensible to service throughout age and be able to lend that expertise and searching other softwares like sovereign teams and then our conversation recently was about to make your second, I would say, but it is technically a thought in terms of what you are offering, seems very different, which is under federalized funding, which my understanding was that in your one form factor that can service more similar small new software teams that does not have maximum capital, but then I see this more of a business focus of the bigger stock market, and now that your servicing, which is essentially the hedge funds, the trading firms, and basically financial institutions, it seems like a focus more so on particular, more narrow asset type, which has volume, like it seems to be more professionalizing this product or service expertise that always really started out, you know, being your own needs as a product, like a good kind of characterization, as a is not really a pivot, but rather it's a professionalization, and as you realize we can service much bigger market with beater

Speaker 2  1:49:05
pocket,

Greg the Greek  1:49:05
yeah, sort of. It's our goal is to always like start to continue underwriting into like the market maker kind of world of things the like what we had before, is like the base, it's like used to power this extension of these lines that we're giving, because the solvers are given zero down lines, like they don't actually have to post a lot. Models, it's fully under collateralized, and we've basically extended the vaccine system to have like a spectrum of loan types with various different properties under the hood, so yeah, it's possible pivot more of just like further extending the like serviceable market that's available to us. Yeah,

Tina Z  1:50:07
this kind of pivot, or I would say, is like in the product market unnecessary, as in life, as you're doing something that could, that is a business, that is supposed to have a business model, and then you realize that people are watching that business model, something's not right, you're paying someone you might, or are you giving them the wheels first, then that itself maybe represent a better risk of opportunity that concerns not only themselves but others. I think that this is like a classic story in the technical industry, essentially similar kind of logistics supply chain business comes up, and I guess you may be bound, but in the future weeks. I think that I have a great idea in terms of the role that you can play in our gamer, to especially on the more improv projects, like the ability to help us set up the process and guide and write metrics in evaluating this is this use case is this product actually like feasible and have like potentially not market fit it's actually the new class side of products and like the more technical project from the private sector, and I'm so here to list, I know you also need to bounce soon, so

Greg the Greek  1:51:52
yeah, I'll say one more thing, though. It's like I think our first product was like the incorrect journey and the incorrect life

Speaker 2  1:52:00
thing to

Greg the Greek  1:52:00
do, and like our end goal was the right idea, but where we started was wrong, and we just like kept moving forward towards where we wanted to go, and like that's okay to make mistakes like that, as long as you know how to like dig yourself out with Vietnam, but I think like when our don't think that should have

Speaker 2  1:52:29
been the

Greg the Greek  1:52:30
start, but it's been like

Tina Z  1:52:35
eight months back in time. Where did you

Speaker 2  1:52:37
start

Greg the Greek  1:52:40
22 2020 vision, that's all honest, but like looking back,

Dmarz  1:53:00
also anyone hasn't added their,

Tina Z  1:53:11
please do so much time. Do you have any

Speaker 2  1:53:14
developers? Us,

Tina Z  1:53:20
so I think that for based on my very little understanding experience and my observation, some of the insights that maybe I think are welcome for this particular cohort, so I think that the party experience I'm more familiar with is when you were at Azuki, which is quite interesting as your consumer went through this column theory. What were some of the lessons of case study, and also if any additional progress had any pipeline for folks who are more in identifying what is by product for them and is like in the go to market in like this multi agent centric world, how has that like a lot of things in world. Market that has worked in the past no longer work. Do

Speaker 4  1:54:47
you want me to give, like, an intro as to what the, what my old company did? Okay, yeah. So, so Tina was talking about this company I previously worked for, and like, wrote that called the CP, so it was, it was an NFT project that had more of, like, an Asian or Asian American type identity, so we had, like, a very strong, like, emotional resonance with our, with our user base, and I think something that worked really well from a go-to market perspective, was that it was a very.. it started out as very grassroots, so I think a lot of the times, like, when people think about go-to market, they have, like, you know, they think about, like, their TAM, and it's like this huge sort of, like, target.. it seems like impossible to even reach this, like, huge group of people, but what we found is that, like, from very early on, there's like a small group of people that were like super ride or die, and so we made every effort to really make those people feel like special and heard, and that's sort of how we cultivated the very early community, but it was actually like a really crazy thing to see where like people at some point in time they're holding on to assets that were worth like hundreds of 1000s of dollars or like billions of dollars and they literally wouldn't sell because they felt like so connected to everyone that was part of the community and I think that was like in a large part due to the efforts that we have expanded on the community building side that we had engendered such loyalty regarding

Tina Z  1:56:30
your description was surprising to me because actually is a community as core product is the community itself. It seems to me,

Speaker 4  1:56:50
yeah, like if so, I know that NFTs are like a little bit of a blind word when it comes to crypto and also just like mainstream audiences, but when I really think about, like, what the product was, it's like, how, how we make people feel like, if I had to really distill it down, because there's a lot of, like, anyone can let me, even now, like, anyone can launch a token, anyone can launch an index, anyone can watch, like, well, especially with, like, AI, anyone can launch, like, a product or a startup, and it's like, why do people care about, like, the millions of things that compete for their attention every day? They remember how, like, people want to be part of something bigger than themselves, and people want to feel special, especially in this, like, vast extensive internet, right? Where, like, where, like, there's, like, so many, like, places you could be, like you go gravitate toward like the places where you feel most yourself, and you feel like you're part

Tina Z  1:57:47
of something to know about a zookeeping was like a year and a half minutes ago when this homework, potentially behind paving and apparatus, accounting conference, we did not either security and either social media account like learn, and then, as you did in a couple cooperation, and so, like, then I was really like, okay, well, I thought that, okay, is it like a video production? It was almost like a very interesting puzzle, before I know anything further about the zookees, so then how would you characterize, were they actually worthy, NFTs, or these content that instill meetings towards the NFT, the product themselves, or are they actually the go-to market where the core product, the Zuki, that seems to be the NFT platform is

actually the community on this

Speaker 4  1:59:08
side, you're talking about like our like media and like concept arts and like how that laddered into the products.

Speaker 2  1:59:16
Yes,

Speaker 4  1:59:16
yes. Okay, so I think that especially when you work on the crypto, well, okay, so there's this sort of like push and pull, where especially in a more like technical kind of field, I think a lot of in crypto imports. Particular, there's like a strong allure to having like more of like consumer mass appeal, because audiences are much bigger, right? I think it's probably quite similar to AI, like you want to target with a more mainstream audience, and so like a big part of our strategy was also around doing things that were not just for like a limited audience, which is why, like, when I was thinking about, like, our BB efforts, like, a lot of the partners we chose to partner with were like really big household names, like, like, if you guys are Formula One fans, like, we partnered with, like, Red Bull Racing, I like pitch them on that. If any of you guys have been to, like, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, you're probably familiar with messaging app online, so we did like a partnership with them, and we did like a huge like takeover and Gangnam of Leica, and we released like physical merch, you know, using our IP and IP from line friends, so a lot of the things we did, we were always trying to think like much bigger than just like a finite, like crypto audience, because that's, I mean, depending on, you know, depending on state of the markets, that could be like throwing or drinking at any given time,

Albiona Hoti  2:00:55
you're muted, I

Dmarz  2:00:56
It during the software pause, I'm going to hit some nail and read anyone last minute with yellow

Albiona Hoti  2:01:17
food time. I'm so hungry. Thai food, I bought this pan, which is so cute. It's

Speaker 2  2:01:33
like,

Albiona Hoti  2:01:35
right. Oh my

Speaker 33  2:01:40
gosh,

Tina Z  2:01:59
you trying to prevent a situation where maybe my Wi-Fi title also I'm using my g for voice, so it's clear that the viewers can see me through Wi-Fi. I'm here, and how to create feedback sometimes to know if connected or not houses that I don't get

Speaker 9  2:02:28
to

Andrew Miller  2:02:50
so let's

Tina Z  2:03:07
so I guess I guess I guess,

Speaker 4  2:03:15
yeah,

Speaker 31  2:03:18
okay, okay, good. So, like, so I want to ask this, you know, again further. So, what were some of the, like,

Speaker 34  2:03:30
how did.. how you know, did you guys plan? Like, again, I'm using a Zuki as a because it was a product I was known for a while, and like, how I guess you were part of the team primarily, and like, how did the product journey and lessons learned evolve? What did you learn in that experience in that part of your career? Yeah, so I think there's a really big thing, and this applies, like, even I think beyond like fair to market

Speaker 4  2:04:00
is that like what makes your company or project work from like zero to one is not the same thing that makes it work from like one to 100 so like an example

Speaker 9  2:04:09
of that for us was that

Speaker 4  2:04:10
like based on our own audience, so like I mentioned like we were really good at community building and helping that community, but also like I don't think it's the right move to have, like, your user base, like, dictate all of your strategic decisions, and in that similar vein, like, not all of the.. this sounds

Speaker 2  2:04:29
like a

Speaker 4  2:04:30
counterintuitive thing to say, but, like, not every piece of feedback that comes from your users is actual. Be like valuable or like helpful to you, because like, like, if you see a pattern of, you know, like feedback, and I think that's helpful, but I think we were so like concerned from like a community living perspective to make sure everyone referred that like as we ramped up we felt like we had like so much feedback that was coming in that it was actually, it was actually like slowing us down quite a lot to try to like adjust our point, as opposed to thinking about like, like just the picture, like what do people want, how do we get there, instead of like tackling everything so tactically. So that was like a

Speaker 9  2:05:12
given example, because I think that at least I can think of Britain with this, you know, Team and Smithers community, and Andrew with this tea cattle, like those are all communities, like different sports. There can be a contributor, co-creators, these are like your kind of also fan base, almost like personal fan base, in a way, like things that they were like maybe wrong.

Dmarz  2:05:46
Oh yeah, physical hand raised.

Shaw  2:05:48
I have an example. I always actually reinforce what you're saying to say that the biggest mistakes I made with the lives were listening to other people and listening to the community, like that led to building a launch pad that led to wasting an enormous time on like building things that would never work, like auto trading for AI agents and all the shit that I knew was a lark, but I was heavily pressured to do, and like it was just very clear that they wanted a faster course, they wanted like a better meta map, they don't want to reinvent anything, they just want the number to go up, so they were like literally pushing off course for like six days, just turn around and say they were all completely wrong. Should not listen to anyone who'd be building your data products, you'll always ask for a faster course, they do not know what a car looks like,

Speaker 4  2:06:38
shop. yeah, so to piggyback off of what Sean is doing, I have like a very concrete example of like again something where like everyone is asking for it, because like sometimes I feel like on social media like certain narratives are very quiet and people like you have to do this thing, whereas like in my like like based on my research and my like experience I was like no this will just like literally, so like, at the time, in the end of NFT world, an example of that was like, you might have seen, like, literally companies that used to talk in, like, boardings, these talk about how, like, oh, NFTs would be like, like, it would be like, I like decentralized IP in a way, right, like, oh, it's like this would be like royalties, like everyone's been like at royalties and like license out there NFTs or whatever, and like I knew this was like not a real thing, because I had actually talked to like the world's top like licensing agencies and things like that, and so like I knew for a fact that they were not a fan of this open licensing model, because, like, the way you create valuable IP is by setting guardrails, right? Like, like Nintendo is litigious because their IP is extremely valuable. If anyone can, like, create a Nintendo game, then that dilutes the value of their IP. So that's kind of how it works in that world, but, like, but you know, like, as they say, like, don't you know, people don't let the truth get in the way of their story, right? So then, like, on, like, Twitter, a lot of people were like, "Oh, you guys have to create this like licensing platform, like this is stuff like other competitors are doing, and blah blah blah, and I really had to, like, talk to our address, and I'm like, "No, like, you have to, like, you have to, like, first of all, in three months, no one's gonna be talking about this, so you're gonna like spend all this month building something that's like not even gonna be like the relevant meta in three months, but like, second of all, like, you need to like, you need to like do your own research and not like chase every shiny thing, because I think, like, speaking of lessons, I feel like there's always an infinite, like, a plethora of things that we focus on at any given moment, and I think success actually comes down to the discipline of saying no to a lot of these things, because you really need to, like, you need to have like one thing that's your goal, and then like make that, make that, make that your north star

Shaw  2:08:49
retiree. I thought the pressure did integrate expo to maybe like 1000 2000 people, it has less transactions per year than Stripe has in

Speaker 2  2:09:00
one minute.

Shaw  2:09:02
Yeah, it's a fucking distraction. Like, nobody smells agents. Why are we integrating expert communication? All this distraction,

Speaker 4  2:09:09
bullshit.

Dmarz  2:09:10
Exactly, exactly. I want to add a little bit of entropy here. So, wait, this doesn't take away from your message, but I, it's funny, I was just talking to Greg Agree, sorry, that's like Twitter handle with Wang, I. And he was actually just showing me how he just built this whole electron, or actually he's using Tory for anyone that's stopped, but anyways, he built one for modifying Pokémon Game Boy ROMs, and he was showing me how there's this whole like forum now where everyone's like building their own like designer modded Pokémon games, and they're like, dude, they're hiring like designers and like creative directors to make like there's one like Pokémon Elysium, so anyways, I think it's kind of funny because I do agree, like when Pokémon was starting

Speaker 2  2:10:21
out, yeah,

Dmarz  2:10:23
super litigious people. Now that I think that one's

Speaker 2  2:10:28
really playing the

Dmarz  2:10:30
games, it's kind of funny driven development

Speaker 2  2:10:33
mode, yeah.

Tina Z  2:10:39
Yeah, yeah, still like, I guess, before let you go, this one last question I have for you is, what is my, like, the biggest, I guess, lesson, or like, in the sense of, like, in whether it's a zookee, or whatnot, like in terms of like the mistakes that is irregressible, that create like, you know, you can see over, you know, afterwards almost in a way that's like a historian, as in, okay, well, that mistake was the one thing that killed it, like, you know, what were the, were like, aside from, like, you know, not always listening to the crowd, the mob, you know, is there, like, any particular lesson in terms of, like, when it comes to products, whether it's consumer

or enterprise?

Speaker 4  2:11:31
Yeah, I mean, I can give example, I'll just give, like, an example, drawing from, like, several places that I've worked at, so like I mentioned, like before working on a ZP, which was on the consumer side, I was working at an l1 which was more on the infrastructure side, but I think that I think like as a, as like a founder, or like as a member of like an early team, like you give this responsibility to yourself and like your users to like come up with the best, like, possible solution to your problems, but I also think there's definitely such a thing as, like, like trying to find a perfect thing, and like spending so much time trying to find the perfect solution that, like, it would have better, would have been better, actually, just to, like, act with something that is, like, 80% perfect, instead of, like, spending six months trying to figure out like the thing that's like 100% perfect, there's like there's like a life momentum that's lost when you're just like in planning mode, you know, and I feel like that can go on for like as pretty much as long as you let it go on, and I think like when you're a startup you need to be like a like a team of action

Tina Z  2:12:35
for like something that you would be comfortable, like you feel like it's in the sweet spot of ready to go to market, like what is like, can you characterize or describe something like what is like overdoing it, and what is like, you know, good enough, and what would the go to market look like for something that's like just perfect, as in good enough but not perfect, and yeah, How do you draw the line there?

Speaker 4  2:12:57
Yeah, I'll give, like, two examples. So, like, at my, at my last company, there was, like, there was a product that was launched that actually got a very negative feedback from the community on, like, a, like, really, really, really, really negative, like, people were, like, very upset

Tina Z  2:13:13
about what was the form factor of the product, and what was the target

Speaker 4  2:13:17
audience, so like it was, it was like another, so we were an NFT product, so it was like another NFT collection that was meant to expand our universe, and so like we had a list of very negative response, and like I understood the like pressure that our like team was under, but I think that like they were they like didn't anticipate such a negative response, so they were like, wow, like, where do we like, how do we like course correct from here? But I think because the responses are negative, they have this pressure to course correct to something that was like super positive, but then what happened was like six months of like planning, but like starting and stopping like a bunch of different things, and I felt like ultimately, like six months of like not doing, not really like moving forward at all was probably more detrimental than like taking steps toward doing like something in one direction, and kind of like having a more like building in public mode, because at least people can engage, whereas if you're like radio silent for six months, and there's like nothing really to engage with, and that's that's like very bearish, you know, in its own way. So, so, yeah, that's one thing. Another thing I'll say is that, like, in terms of go to market, I think, like Mark, like the thing that. I don't really like about the term marketing, a lot of times, is that like people have this like idea of like a playbook, right, and like all these like channels you use, and like all these things you can activate, but like a lot of like a traditional playbooks on the marketing or go to marketing side are kind of formulated based off of like pretty mature companies or like larger companies, and so like when you're very young and scrappy as a company, I think you need to like not necessarily follow a formula, you know, there's like a lot of like blogs and like resource online, and like, oh, how did they go to market for like stable coins or like whatever, like what, whatever, whatever category of choice, but I think, like, you need to, you as the builder, need to like trust your own intuition and the early feedback that you're getting from your users who like the product to then lean into like what the market looks like, so like for example, for us, like a lot of our early traction was experienced on like Discord and Twitter, and so like what that meant for us in terms of like investments in terms of community building was that we had like a 24/7 like team, so like if you were in the Discord at any given time, there's always like someone who is like available to chat, like who is like moderating the conversation, like keeping it going, and, and, yeah, and like, and like, and we had to like make some hard decisions in terms of community building, like, in the course of building, for me, sometimes you have to like kick people out of the community to maintain like the social harmony of what exists, like preserve what exists, so there's like things you have to do that are a little bit like unpopular, but you have to do it kind of for the greater good, so, so, yeah, that's that's what I would say.

Tina Z  2:16:24
Thanks. Yeah, I think that, like, it will be great, like I will discuss with Liz and Andrew as we kind of design and iterate and shape rotate our shape rotator program. I think that, like, I like to have, like, essentially design these go-to-market clinics, like, as part of an extension of the PMF clinic that focus more also on product and product readiness, in the sense of a hand in hand kind of, like, like essentially help ourselves create our own playbook that would be fitting for what art form factor and what impact you know private market that we are trying to reach, like at a later stage. So I think that the first half of the program will primarily focus on a product, in the sense of like getting it to be able to be useful, like as a like, like a product that is worthwhile, and like essentially the second half essentially focusing on trying to test out, you know, market feedback and whatnot, so yeah, this will be in touch, of course. I'll be in New York very soon, with or without my passport. Absolutely,

Speaker 4  2:17:44
thanks for thanks for having me on. And safe travels to New York, and looking forward to

Speaker 2  2:17:50
seeing

Tina Z  2:17:51
you soon. Great, thanks. Yeah, so I guess I hope everyone's food order is in, and I hope Shaw, you know, whatever your by coding, you've been by coding, like I love to kind of remind you to kind of share a bit about your latest project, and then we can like kind of flow into like you know as we you know food comes in like essentially like a founder journey session because I think Shaw has probably one of the most interesting and very compressed like very diverse experiences but also in the past like a year and a half, two years, like extremely different, you know, roller coaster ride of, you know, founding like a project that is, you know, basically the starting point of many other projects, and where those parts of experience took you to where you are today, and where you're working on, so perhaps that's first, like maybe, maybe first brief injection on Excellence, and your what you're currently working on with the product

Andrew Miller  2:19:15
you get, all that shot. Yes, checking. Do you want to screen

Speaker 33  2:19:19
share? Would you add a link to you when you get it?

Andrew Miller  2:19:21
It's a matrix. If you, I'm happy to just relay an email or Telegram.

Speaker 35  2:19:30
Yeah, Telegram is available. Very telegram, I'm watching on it. Oh yeah. Yes,

Shaw  2:20:00
okay. Should I turn my microphone off, or is there you're being picked up on this. Okay, great. Some of you guys know me, and some of you don't. Some of you guys know Eliza, and some of you probably have heard of it, but what you've probably seen before was very different from what we have now. That's for sure. I've spent the entire last year nonstop coding this and every part of it, putting it all together with a team we call the Cozy Dev. I'll talk about a second. So Eliza is something completely new. It is an extremely ambitious project. It is the most ambitious project I could possibly think of. We started by building an Agent Framework, and we have moved down the entire stack to say, well, we can build robots from scratch, we can work directly with that, we don't need any design terms for any of this stuff, and I know this is ambitious, and I would not be showing it to you if it didn't already work, you can already try all of this stuff. So, the first thing is, you're building an operating system. We're building on top of scope. The first thing you're doing is building an operating system. It's a full stack. It's the first agentic operating system I would say that's ever existed. It is full staff controlled by the agent. It has both local and cloud-based voice, vision, text, OCR, pretty much every kind of model you could imagine, running both locally and in the cloud, it works on any machine, works on MacBooks. If they're before an MTRM one, it works on Android machines, like you can deploy it onto your Pixel phone, it works everywhere. It also works on RISC five. It is the first time that I think anyone has built a complete operating system on Linux for RISC five, I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure there's Linux versus five without the

Speaker 2  2:22:00
delete.

Shaw  2:22:00
It has full control of the computer that it's on, it is not sandbox, but it does run inside as a TV or outside of the on play, so that when you start up the actual core agent is starting up, and I did integrate it with the stack. It's fully built on that. We also have the agent application framework, so if you wanted to bring Eliza to your iOS device or MacBook, or whatever, you can download it as an application. It's full dot app available on the store soon. It is not like Hermes are open quality, not a d agent. It is full stack controls, shows you views, controls your GUI, all of that stuff. It has say the art agent registration and sub task workers. I can prove that state of the art, because we have benchmarks in the Eliza repo, which demonstrate that it is the best agent in the world. There is no question, unless you can show on the benchmarks. If there's anything better, it is the best. There are over 100 plugins and first party support, including every single major connector, every wallet, all the things you possibly want. There are example integrations in every major transcript framework for running the agent framework. If you don't want to run the entire application, that includes everything from the Cloudflare worker serverless agent or an XJS or cell agent down to like fully autonomous agent running your computer, or not have, I think, available virus example in there, and it's capable of complex social behavior and relationship management. So, when it sees people talking to each other in a group chat, group chat agent is fully capable of walking around the world, knowing that they're cultural enemies, and it builds relationships between those. It's easy talking to somebody else, and it starts to build a rolodex of who you know and who they know each other, and then it uses this to power the ability, so if I'm like, send John an email, it knows who John is, which we're not talking about, and what platform is sending an email on again, all built into the agent. This is all powered by live cloudy cloud. We are actually in the process of moving it over to TE, but that's a key attention here? It routes pretty much every major API you could want, host LLMs, but also like RPCs, token analysis, and anything you want, basically a token, things like Bird Eye, and that kind of stuff, as well as like all the things that we've seen that agency. We also built our own preview replacement called Stewart. It's free and open source, and you can use it for your own applications for login, but that's also power in our cloud. It's fully designed for agents to use. You can create an account using entirely just using an Ethereum wallet or Solana wallet, sign in, and your agent can go from there and do every single. In that cloud that you could do, it is a fully open source cloud. It's also part of the Eliza repo, and it's fully integrated. We're also, we built the NSHIP, the diverse version of this. This is a big thing we're working on, which is the Eliza One model. It's up on Hunting Days. It's built on QAnd 3.5 point six architecture, as well as some other architectures for text to speech and speech effects fundamentally, all of it is typed through Llama dot cpg with custom per platform kernels, so it has the fastest, most optimized LLM, or, sorry, machine learning kernels that you can put on everything from metal to CUDA to Neon to everything, and it is designed to run everything from 0.8 billion parameter model up to a 27 billion parameter model. It is a multimodal ensemble architecture. It does every single thing you want to face. We also have built even microprocessor and phone, so this is like probably the craziest thing, but you can actually just build chips now. It is very hard, but it's completely automatable with modern GP platforms that we should be extremely good at making chips. We took this chip and designed it, built it, put it in the emulator, and then run our operating system on it. So we have not taken this out. There's no physical chip, but we can prove logically that it does work, and it's the fastest source five processors that you can buy on the market. You could build out of an open source project day. It is the fastest open source source five processor. I benchmarked it. We also cracked a couple of new things. We have a fully robotic system in here using Majoko, which is the popular physics library that pretty much all people doing robotics are doing it in. You can watch the robot learn, you can tell the robot to do stuff, and it will walk around and do it. And it also connects to an actual robot that I brought, and I will show in a couple of days. It's a little AI, and that's high wonder. I've also integrated it with the Ask a Mod open source robot, as well as the Unit region noise, so you can use, you can actually have a live agent walking around with no controller, fully AI powered agent walking around this world, seeing all of you, turning each into an entity that attracts individually, that's face recognition, it does all that stuff, another thing is, there's a thing called there's a guy named Herb Sutton. He's very famous for two things: one, he wrote the book on reinforcement learning, and also contributed many of the things that we're now using in reinforcement learning today, and he also created a thing called the Bitter Lesson, which is this idea that the solutions to AI are always things that lean on more compute, not things that lean on putting in more human knowledge. Ironically, while he outlined another solution to this, called the Alberta Plan, which is a true continuous reinforcement learning agent. My knowledge, we're the first people to ever implement this end to end. We have true continuous reinforcement learning agent, like true walks around and learns from his experience as agent. This is using a new learner that has never been employed before in the wilder robots, cutting edge shit. So, yeah, we have robots that learn how to walk, and then continue to improve without the problem of catastrophic. They will not forget how to shake your hand once they learn how to walk. They just learn again. This is all in the repo. You can try it, you can run some of the simulation, you can generate some of the videos. Just ask the bot about the robots. I know it sounds fucking crazy, I know, and I would not have tried it six months ago. I actually tried most of this stuff six months ago, which is not achievable, and if I did not have it in a repo right now. I would probably be convinced that I was like deeply sick with all on psychosis, and probably check myself in somewhere, but I do continue to ask Bob, is this a fucking LARP, and it's like, no, this is actually quite cool. So, you know, the AI has confirmed me that I don't have psychosis, but seriously, like, try it, look at it, this is like this is the labor of me and a bunch of other highly autistic no-life that's working on this 24/7 for a very long time. I don't think there's a lot of other projects that have had this much time and like just raw capital and compute poured into it, like a lot of compute, millions of compute. So look, I, I'm just one guy. I sort of started this movement. It's grown very organically. We had a startup who built the startup. We decided to become more of a rebound Discord. A lot of people who built with me during the last bull market built their own alliance, Asians, built their own businesses, and when that, when the bull market kind of collapsed, a lot of them came back to me and said, what's next, and this is what's next. This is what we've been building together. So we build live on Discord. It's like an extremely good morale, like it's just like the builder chat I always wanted. It's what I always wanted Dallas to be. It's like that experience, and so yeah, if you're interested in like working. With me or with us, like I really want people to do what we're doing, but also like I'm very interested in supporting other people, and like helping people basically make money and survive the coming singularity using our technology, or whatever, and so like everything we do is fully allotted license or carry the licenses and the stuff we use, which is pretty much all GPL, Apache, like, but pretty much I've tried really hard to design this, so that you can build a business on this and make money. You can launch an agent today. Your agents can actually launch monetized apps on our cloud that make you money. You can charge people strike fees, you can build the front end, build them up for the front end, and even cover, like your agents can buy the domain through our cloud. They can set up the entire website and ship it, and actually go viral and make money. But also, we want to see people like our entire framework is also fully white labeled, so if you wanted to launch your own operating system that was a fork of AOSP or a fork of Linux, but already came with like fully genetic interactions and integration, you can do that. If you want to build donations from scratch, you can use our framework if you want to take our application and what label it, like the entire repo, is designed to spread. I am not trying to scale, I'm trying to grow, I'm trying to spread, I'm trying to get as many people using open source solutions to everything as possible. I do not want to live in a world where I have to pay for compute. I do not want to live in a world where I can't code if I cannot afford it. I think this is like the biggest existential problem in front of us, and we have to attack us at the root, like we have to take this extremely seriously. There is just no more SaaS. Like, why we're spending, we're spending 20,000 a month on infrastructure, and after a week of redoing our infrastructure and building open source versions of everything, we reduce that to under 2001 with two weeks of effort, and basically cut out $18,000 a month worth of SaaS bills and subscription, which is all going to companies who I guarantee are going to die. So I would not go that path. I would be very certain that AI is here, AGI is here. It's about to have a 10x increase in speed and price, and has not has curved up a little bit if you're following what Nvidia is doing, so yeah, I mean, like, this, we are here to ride away, if you want to come build operating systems and agents, and like just go deep into exploring things you've never explored, even if you're a total new, I would love to have you, and like, get you into this, yeah, that's that's it, that's my

Speaker 2  2:31:51
thing, do

Speaker 9  2:32:01
Up my back show us what is what you really like, you know, what attacks of like what you know folks have things that we're using today that's in existence,

Shaw  2:32:16
like how do I.. I'm still struggling on how to demo, like, because I built some pretty cool stuff, like we have the explosion of the cab of the phone and the chip, and we have, you know, agents you can talk to, but I'm not exactly sure what the demo would look like. That's really impressive. Like, we have agents that are out there doing everything you expect, but I think until we get to the point where we're like, like, I can hand it to you on a phone. I don't know, like, what demo do you want to see your agents to our server? Yeah, we can totally do that. Like, we have a bunch of agents in our Discord. We chat with and build with all the time. Most of, most of the, like, we just launched YQ dot fund today, and that is built entirely by one of our agents. That's, that is a.. I can't really share other things here,

Speaker 9  2:33:09
but sorry. So, essentially, you are, like, you know, your entire IBM factory of the IRB that you're working on is built using essentially this agenda framework here, essentially.

Shaw  2:33:23
Yeah, we are using our agents to build agents. One really cool thing we have is we have an authentic orchestrator, so it let you tell it to build and build stuff, but it can actually take like multiple thought and codex subscriptions, so that if you like run out of codecs on one, it's just automatically switches to the other, which is like my most annoying thing every day, is running out of subscriptions. So, if you're like somebody who's grinding pretty hard and have multiple subscriptions, it like will manage all that for you. I also think that like, like talking to an agent versus like when you talk to Codex, you have this, like, long list of chats on the left. I think that's just, like, totally the worst you guys have ever seen. Like, I just lose things constantly. I want my agent to keep track of everything. It should manage my sessions for me. So, we have all that working. I mean, I can just show you, like, agents talking in our list board, or whatever, but it looks like any other agent. I think the core is that when you have this in your hand, it's a personal agent, and we're working on a thing which is called Life Ops, which is like one of the integrations here, and it like is connected to my iMessages, to my Gmail, you know, all that stuff. It's like deeply integrated into everything, and that creates like a new security paradigm, you know. We really have to think it. Out, like, wow, these things are gonna know everything about us. Like, what does it look like to put one of these agents into a group chat on Discord knows everything about, and so we've done a lot of work on things like rural access control and securities, so you know it's hard to show, but, but, like, we do have agents in group chats, you know, like not just talking to it one on one, and that's a fundamentally different, much harder

Speaker 2  2:34:55
problem than

Speaker 36  2:34:55
what it would cost. If you were to, like, DIY an email benchmark that your like agent will be able to deliver, you know, an outperform others like

Speaker 2  2:35:11
one

Shaw  2:35:12
with Mark would packages benchmarks? We have all of the leading AI agent benchmarks, and we have demonstrated state of the art performance in all of them, like every major suite bench, MLU, like it's the most advanced

Tina Z  2:35:27
agent,

Shaw  2:35:28
like we're not buying, but you got

Tina Z  2:35:30
more well rounded or is it like something that in particular aspect that it keeps them

Shaw  2:35:40
all I did was I put it down on the benchmark and then ground out solutions until it meet every other age on every benchmark it's just the best age on benchmarks like they can also do the same thing by going back and comparing it to Vyza and burning it out, but we're at the point where, like, the limitation is the model, there's absolutely, you know, we maxed like how much can we cash tokens, how fast we get responses, like all the things that there's just nothing else to max,

Tina Z  2:36:09
you know, as On

Shaw  2:36:19
eight codecs descriptions instead of the cost descriptions constantly, each one is about $20,000 worth of computed month, so like I literally spent a 200 to 300k computed on that fully subsidized by the massive companies, and there was a time when a lot of that money and I was not subsidized that I was spending like, you know, the actual cost, it was quite significant, and this is like the bottleneck everywhere, is that the reality is AI is too expensive for us to build this stuff. Well, but they're subsidizing it, so we have like 27 million for every cloud model, which you can run, but if you run that, like, like just doing the cost, it costs 40 cents an hour for us to run one, and we can maybe serve two customers with that. So, like, okay, what's 20 cents an hour times 24 you know, or 80 times 130 you know, quickly we're getting into about $150 a month, raw cost to us to serve a model that is 1/10 the size, maybe 150 the size of all this, so like there's just like a practical reality that the model is the limitation, like we are completely limited by, like, we're all being heavily subsidized by the venture capital right now, and so even graphs I love, which is taking the license, will be open source, but you're going to have to plug in clause descriptions, like you can use our model, the plans are pretty good, but it's not the problem, so I think that's really

Speaker 37  2:37:55
the limitation. So far today, we'll need to observe the cohort. We still have rolling out the cohort next week after you said homework until after demo day with the new summer camping and maybe in writing projects this like Shame of your program, so like

Speaker 38  2:38:30
what do you think is like a very good use case, where, like, executive cohort are able to benefit from it?

Shaw  2:38:44
I really appreciate how we can manage people's lives, so it's like really what we've invested in is stuff like, how do we track the relationships and see everyone that you're talking to? How we collect your actual information, and then try and make it actionable, like, like, definitely, no question, LLM are way better when they know a lot of information about you and getting information that's relevant, and so I think that this is like, like, like this just really ties into like information access and privacy in a lot of ways, and I think there's a lot, like, you know, so, so I think that the way that like this relates to a lot of the other people on TV integration is on, like, how do we deal with the security boundary. And you know, stuff like that, very critical, and there's also a lot of things, like, like, can Eliza, you know, write workloads with Spinners, like, totally, why not, that's a great company these days, and so I think there's definitely a lot of integration around here, I also related a lot to Liz's learning, because it wasn't a Zuki holder, I have it's worth noting, though. Lifestyle is an application I can like show you guys the application like that is for Epic Core. It's the thing you run and you can like touch and you're not good, but I might have to figure out a share I'm actually curious to hear, especially those

Speaker 39  2:40:17
who are building around, because yeah,

Speaker 2  2:40:32
your questions

Fucory  2:40:35
wrong on something. So you said SAS is absolutely dead. I think it's possible that you're mostly right in that, like, current SAS companies are there, I think. Where I would push back

Speaker 2  2:40:57
is like

Fucory  2:41:00
until we, we're still in this world where anything built with agents is slop, until like a human cares about it shows up, and I think there might be room for this world where extremely efficient, tiny, specialized kind of like SaaS companies that just have extremely low like operating costs, basically can like show up and just deliver you a service at like near bare metal prices, you know what I mean. I think I think they're.. I think we could end up in a world where you end up with like a lot, a lot of tiny, tiny, tiny SAS, in which case I wouldn't say SAS is dead. In fact, it could end up being a bigger market than today. Yeah, I'm just curious.

Shaw  2:41:44
Traditional company structure, like the monday.com is going to radically transform, and then you look at their website completely from it's gonna take a long time to kill like I went from

Fucory  2:41:59
like

Shaw  2:42:01
having a tensile providers to zero. Well, okay, there's one SAS provider who just can't get it

Speaker 2  2:42:17
around,

Shaw  2:42:18
but everything else, I actually do have RA. I hate pressing a button on death, it's too different, I

Speaker 40  2:42:29
curious,

Fucory  2:42:49
what your elevator pitch would be to get someone to like switch from like using Hermes

Shaw  2:42:54
to using this. I don't want to. I want the alpha for myself. My goal is negations that make money. Anyone else

do that? Let's see, still reconnecting. I don't know if maybe you'll get this running on the sheet points for this, but I will at least show you guys. And this is an app that runs on the web and the cloud on your machine. We're starting it up in this kind of like chat, but we're actually redesigning now to much more of like an open assistant. I have Whisper Flow at the bottom, I really love their, like, interesting tape, because you sort of sold their little pill thing. So I have this idea of views, and we're still working on this, but basically all of the views can be completely edited, modulated by the agent, like character view, notch. but the idea is that it can like create new views on the plot, and so all of the chat view, character wallet, these are all views that can be like dynamically swap and change, and I was like, hey, go rewrite the vehicle and reload it, it'll be on the table, but it can actually like change this code and then reload it, and so there's no application paradigm, everything is like a view between the agent's brain and the. It can create any kind of new you want, so if you want a calendar, it'll show you a calendar with you, you know, like whatever you want. It's like this is demo shit, but the idea here is like fundamentally that like you're interacting with an application, or you don't, you know, or you're setting it up here, and then like talks about your telegram or display, whatever you want. but it can create these kinds of, like, for the operating system, it can actually create, like, one of the ideas I have for agents is they should always show you what you want, like, they should always present you the thing, you should not switch apps or search for them, and the other thing is, like, agents should always do those things, it's really weird that agents don't already do this, like it's almost like speak HTML or speak, yeah, yeah, and like they kind of do with the side, they have a lot of, you know, history of like coming from trying to be an IT, from trying to be like a chat interface to like how do we show you anything, if you just like started over like with the technology that day, you have a very bad idea. You start from, like, well, agents should create whatever you see, like it just doesn't be responsible. So, yeah, so that's kind of where we're going with this anyway. Yeah, UI is still in heavy work right now, so I don't want to show you, but you get the kind of idea that's like it's a different kind of thing. There's no terminology,

Andrew Miller  2:45:50
you oh

Fucory  2:45:57
yeah, the web UI. Yeah, I made like a little like proof of concept of this, of basically like why there's no excuse why the labs haven't done this yet, where it would basically just like create a markdown file of the content, and then create like HTML that's just using just like displaying it to you, and something better than markdown, and then opens up a web UI, like the same thing Cowrie uses, and just so you can like read a plan that's like a lot more readable than just reading a markdown file, and it was a one shot prompt, like it was, there's nothing complex or really like game changing about it, it's just like kind of blows my mind that that like I thought that would have happened six months ago, to be honest, like I thought, I think it's like a very obvious idea that, like, agents don't have to just speak text or speak markdown, they should be able to speak HTML or speak a native app or speak an operating system

Shaw  2:47:01
into existing. It's incredibly good at visuals, and so much

Fucory  2:47:11
easier

Speaker 2  2:47:12
to consume

Fucory  2:47:13
the data. Yeah, yeah. Right now, it's basically on the prompter to like be a sophisticated enough prompter to do that, and that stuff's obvious to like me and you, because we just spent - we just like spend our lives talking to agents, but yeah, for most people, they need like a slash command for it to really click,

Shaw  2:47:34
you know. Yeah, but I think that what we really want is

Speaker 2  2:47:38
personal.

Shaw  2:47:39
Clear chats for creating new chat. This is like UX mental illness. The idea of creating a new chat with my personal assistant is pretty hard. We should only like talk to our agents, and they should do the things that we want. They should always be listening to us and waiting. They should always be like ready to help us have the last 30 seconds of context, and like only chime in when they're asked. Like, there's nothing more annoying when I like thanks, ChatGPT, and no problem. Let me know how it's like, stop talking, just stop talking. Like, you should have the social awareness to know that I acknowledged you and not routinely speaking, and these are the things that, like, you know, with the philosophy, this has always been the thing about a lot. A lot of effort into thinking about how it responds. This is Romilio to Billio in our chat, where we all hang out and build. This is Cozy Devs, and Romilio is built by Dubs, and it is an extremely smart agent, where we just hang out, and whenever we have ideas, we'll be like, "Yo, Romeo, build that. I don't know where his website is, I think it's down right now, but he usually puts it all up on a website, but you can see, like, he'll be like, "Okay, cool, hey, if you spawn an agent with Opus 4.6 and build a new group inside your home, make it the lady thing, and it'll just be like, sure, no problem, man, do that, and we'll talk to it, you know, it's actually telling it's done, it's on its website. Does that have some notion of like sharing like a subscription, right? I assume that's a tough to a subscription of some kind, like if you have multi users, you should be able to subtly order because there's no very fast prompt, which should I respond to this, and then from there it doesn't need to. Have a model, because every single chat that goes in here is reviewed by a light model, for sure. You know, and that way you can be like, oh, that's once in a while where Millie will jump in with, like, something. It usually jumps in, it's pretty good. It's like, damn, that was great timing there, but the more on the novel is like big, but this idea that you don't have to add the agent, you can just like have a natural conversation comes off just like another person on the team is actually like really beneficial to work with the agents in a team context. Are there any like abstractions or loops or sort of like foundational pillars that you can build on top of to make this more effective, that we have a very refined abstraction of how information comes in, and then how we deal with that information going out. We have a thing called providers, which are like input, and then actions, which are output, and unlike tool calling, which is very like your agent calls tool gets the feedback and struggles. You have like, like what's called an app can, which is a more detailed, like, like validation step. So, like, sometimes your actions have this one all involvedation, blah blah blah. So, you think of this as, like, well, we have actions, and when we have providers,

Fucory  2:50:40
now we know a

Shaw  2:50:41
lot of actions. We have 300 actions on maybe, like, 400 and so that becomes like a lot of context, so then we have to do a lot of context management, so we have like these called tool search, or like basically actions to say like well, what are the actions we're probably going to need to call in our planner step, once our planners have run to do an evaluation, this is called reflection literature, and that says like well, how did I do, did I do well, and then should I keep going, and so it can like basically from there, just keep moving on itself and evaluate how it's done, and so this idea of like evaluators, actions, and providers is like a very applied distraction, as opposed to this idea of like monolog chat agent talking to itself, and then like follow the tools, like you can go and sit like a call and send a message, and you can watch it thing, but it can't like respond to you and issue tasks, it just like they're starting to get into this, but like it's fundamentally like monologuing to itself on a loop, it's not like pulling in all that information and then responding to you and then orchestrating other stuff, and so it's really like fraud would be a very bad candidate for a robot if it's not able to respond, there's a lot going on with, like, how do we merge, and so if I, like, you tell us, build something, and I'm like, wait, wait, no, add this, it has to be like, okay, cool. Well, you know, person A asked me to build things, person B added something to it, I'm actually gonna merge those into a single ongoing pipeline until like we think about, like, when do we merge conversations, or we emerge tasks, like when we do separate tasks. There's just so much. And the last part of this is that every human in here has a role. So, if I'm an admin, I can actually.. how can we put an agent that has some personal data into a group chat or into a server, or it would have some kind of like units like roles, so we have like gaskets, and then that enables like what the agent can actually do a bunch of things like this. Also, the Albert plan, the low key first continuous learning algorithm in the world ever on that. I didn't do anything off of it, but the point is that that, like, the AI is so good that it will radically change everything. Where are you, like, the continuous

Fucory  2:53:00
reinforcement learning?

Shaw  2:53:01
Like, read it into the robots today,

Fucory  2:53:04
try it. Okay, so it's like very

Speaker 2  2:53:05
early,

Shaw  2:53:06
yeah, but it's proven by benchmarks, so at least like it massively outperforms.

Fucory  2:53:11
What's the like use case you're like most excited about that? Because I kind of see that I kind of see that ability to like continuously learn as being probably the biggest bottleneck in agents

Shaw  2:53:22
today. Yeah, now the reality is that continuous learning of robotic motion is way easier than continuous learning of language, because we still haven't bridged, like, like the action space for language is so fucking big that reinforcement learning does not do well, and the reinforcement learning that we're doing, like, oh, one is just rewarding thinking longer, that's like all, like, that's like the whole thing, right, but, but here, what I'm really excited by is an agent that can get better at dexterous applications, it'll actually get better, like picking up a slogan or around on the ground, but once it's your

Fucory  2:53:58
level, actually, so you only like continuously learn things that like have like a smaller space of

Speaker 2  2:54:04
like

Shaw  2:54:05
the problem with LLMs is discrete action space, like, which of the 50 possible tokens for every token, it's like it's like a Monte Carlo tree search would just be like, and so whereas with continuing, like, then you have like limited action space, are all like heartbolt, or like. Like Atari, like you can only go up and down, you know, and then you have something like continuous actions, which is robots like conservatives that are running, and they have to be every single frame updated, and but that's but but they only have to update on single act, like they're only going forward, backward to stop, right? So, so it's like a very restrained action space, but this is the this would be the whoever can get reinforcement learning to do language, it's fucking crafted, you know, like craft intelligence, right? So they right now have agent running inside of like Hextech, Bob, we're working with a company called Alternate Features, who is like Railway on Te, you're into like a very Vercelli experience. Alternate Features, this is interactive or on X Wonder Woman, anyway, which of usable, yeah, so we're basically just running the issue inside of that. We have it integrated with DStack, actually, the dollar team did DSAC integration like forever ago on Eliza, and then that like spins up and runs compost the attestation. It's all open source, so what type of use cases do you obviously see you would be using? Yes, I see two primary use cases that are coming from two very different directions. I would say I see like people that I know fall into one of two bins. They either have no fucking time and really want something that gets their time back, or they have no fucking money and they want some money. And, like, I think that we can serve both of those, and, like, that's kind of solving the Maslow's hierarchy of needs for us to do all the other, like, self-actualization and reality that we should do. So, the people who don't know that have no bucket money. Well, Eliza allows you to build and deploy monetized apps just from like chat, so we have full monetization in the cloud, which means like you have Stripe, Hoxhapay, paid directly by wallet, and you can then charge how much set, how much money do you want to charge for like medium on credits, medium on interaction with LLMs, and we also offer all these other APIs that you can use, and then charge and monetize for, so like, you can RPC calls and stuff integration, so, so, like, for them, you should be able to, from like one to 10 prompts, be able to launch a viral app that's nice. Also, you can then take it and generate content for it, and we have global testing, but we're also integrating ad words and stuff, so you can actually like automatically have your agent build deploy and monetize apps and advertise them, and then the other side is people who want their time back. So, we have this thing called Lightbox, and this is really like what I'm voting for myself, actually, which is like I get a lot of messages. I really, really struggle with this. Like, communication is really hard for me, especially when I'm coding a lot, and so the agent, like, can ingest all of my messages. It has its own email, and it has mine, so it can do things like, hey, like you go through all the email, or ideally automatic through a task, like find all the ones that are working through that work into yourself instead of immediately it can do all that kind of stuff, so like anything that reduces like a lot of for me, like I get a lot of hate on X. I just like, I want my agent to show me the top 10 bangers on X. I don't want to scroll, I don't want to do scroll heat. I just want to get to content, and so I see this as a way for me to solve a lot of my own communication overwhelmed problems

Speaker 19  2:58:26
for the first category, I see that my problem is not being able to build quickly, but, like, actually, the payment systems are not the problem.

Speaker 41  2:58:38
Actually, building the wider app is what is probably a bigger concern for most people.

Greg the Greek  2:58:47
I

Speaker 41  2:58:48
see that you said I could build any app quickly and monetize it, but the monetization waves are not the big concern

Speaker 2  2:59:00
today.

Shashank  2:59:00
Building what actually they want or the need to pay is the bigger concept, yeah. On the other side, I see that, like, if I'm building something for productivity, they are probably not even willing to, like, I might need to offer end-to-end solution because they don't

Speaker 2  2:59:23
have time.

Albiona Hoti  2:59:23
Oh my god, thank.

Shaw  2:59:24
Yeah, you can buy the domain for your agent. We can launch and deploy the whole prompt, and we offer the monetization, so it's like super nice. You can launch an agent, type one prompt, and be like, 'Hey, make me. We have all kinds of crazy apps, like we have VoteYourChrist. We have E Dad, the dad you never had, you can talk to the ideal dad. We have like sober buddy, you know, one day at a time, like we have just just lots and lots of, we have like very like viral moment fast apps that we can make in like more than platforms, and I'm not saying this is going to be like the end all be all solution, but I am in that hustle under culture, like you know, I make things that are tokenized, and so a lot of around me

Speaker 2  3:00:07
are like,

Shaw  3:00:07
how do I make money

Speaker 2  3:00:08
with this,

Shaw  3:00:09
and they really pressure us to do things like,

Greg the Greek  3:00:11
we should make trading

Shaw  3:00:11
agents. I think that's a large.. I don't think you can use an LLM to make money trading personally, but I do think you can now make products that make money,

Speaker 19  3:00:18
and

Shaw  3:00:19
like, we've demonstrated

Speaker 2  3:00:20
a few..

Shaw  3:00:21
like, nothing's not viral yet,

Speaker 2  3:00:22
but like,

Shaw  3:00:22
the fact that you can sit here and be cranking these things out, like, put these in the hands. year

Albiona Hoti  3:00:29
old on TikTok, when do you decide what to focus on, in which case to go viral and get input from users? When will you decide after building all of this

Speaker 2  3:00:39
tool?

Shaw  3:00:40
I mean, I've already had my viral moment, and like I don't really want another one. It was not fun for

Albiona Hoti  3:00:45
me, you know. On the product side, I'm not saying on the, you know, like using your solution to actually build something that can bring users in.

Shaw  3:00:54
So, I mean, the agent will just go out and email the users. Like, I'm not going to try and sell this to anyone, because if I don't, it gives me asymmetric advantage over everyone else in the room, so it benefits me not to promote it. Like, I believe in this so much that I'd actually rather not sell it to you. If you want to use it, you can find this, but I have no reason to promote

Albiona Hoti  3:01:14
this. No, but I'm not asking for you to sell it. I'm asking for all of those use cases that you just mentioned. Will you be focusing on those yourself, or you're

Speaker 2  3:01:23
just

Shaw  3:01:23
gonna

Albiona Hoti  3:01:25
empower people to build on

Speaker 2  3:01:27
top,

Shaw  3:01:27
yeah, like we can sit around it, like we've come up with some things, we can be like, yeah, let's launch this. We made, like, the Columbian crush, and you'd add things like examples you can download and run, but ultimately I am very focused on making the best agent in the world. I don't want websites, we didn't just launch Wider dot fund today, so like

Speaker 9  3:01:54
in terms of this project, you are a customer and other friends and those in our cohort and other potential users, they're essentially like perhaps reinvented from it, but essentially it's meant for more self consumption of like, you know, creating your ideas, or do you want to see it being, you know, in terms of more narrow is being built out

Tina Z  3:02:30
and able to service more people with

Shaw  3:02:33
it. I'm really like I'm really building it for my own community first, so I can actually build a community around it, and I can like I need to get my devs addicted to it, like if they're using it to clog and codecs, then like we are cooking, and now like they are like nuds, and with the other guys in here. This is kind of where we build this whole thing. They are just like grinding and using this as their main tool for building stuff. I don't know if I showed you guys this. This is the phone. This was built by the agent. It just like creates everything. It's a full pads loaded. You can make hat with AI now, anyway. So, like, that's where the chip is, you know? I think that, like, the long term of this is inevitably we do not live in a world, and we will not live in a world of closed source ecosystems like Apple and Google. I think they're already dead, they're just waiting to die. Like, if I look out to the future, there's just no way that nobody in this room doesn't have an open source phone in 10 years. It's cheaper, it's faster if you're manufactured by anybody. Like, there's a whole manufacturing base that would love to jump on this lunch. I'm very bullish on this. I'm kind of like, I'm definitely going a bit extreme here, but I'd say, like, I'm extraordinarily bullish on this direction of creating your own operating system, and even creating your own chits and things. It's like something you could not do before, but we can definitely do now. So,

Speaker 9  3:04:03
like, this operating system this framework, because of more so catered towards your own and your own community. Do you see that, like, currently not everyone in the school board, like they're building on the, you know, they're building something that's a bit different than their time. To like essentially fill in market void somewhere, and so do you see like it as more of a record implementation of your framework that like everyone should have their own like operating system that's customizing their own, but they can, you know, like essentially reference, like essentially your design, or do you see it more so as a ready to use, like you know, you would like to see people essentially using

Speaker 43  3:05:00
the agents, like essentially, yeah. What do you see then? How do you see them that you know interacting with what you have built?

Shaw  3:05:10
I think that, like, one, there's definitely a lot of interface for the agents to use and consume other things, like skills and capabilities and stuff. Everything that I'm doing is not only open source, but it's in one repo, and if you're like, oh, I think chips are cool, you should go steal that. You think that I launched hosted agents to school, you should definitely grab that. I'm more interested in starting a movement around open source AI and self ownership than I am about capitalizing on it. So, I think it's more important that I make something that's really easy to steal than that's really hard to steal. If that makes sense, my goal is to empower other people to get rich, and then to solve all the other problems after that. So, like, I would say that the people here, if you're not using an open claw armies or Eliza, or something like, at least you're using a codex, but if you've never talked to a really good open claw armies or Eliza, like it's a very different finish, is every task, it doesn't. It doesn't come back with four questions. Coding is dead. So

Speaker 2  3:06:21
I'd say

Shaw  3:06:23
I want you to fork this and white label it using organizer

Speaker 9  3:06:30
for carries or like open clothing to chat with anything

Shaw  3:06:49
other than nothing else. Has roll gates has roll access, has security built in. Nothing has been built from the ground up as a like thing you can put in your DAO if you're like, I need a community manager. I want an AI that coordinates with our DAO. I want to keep track of what they've been doing every day, that does recreationalize in these cases, like really for personal life management and for organizational management. Like, that is what we're focused on. If you want an agent that's internal and, like, just codes really well for me. It was really great. It's a very, like, it's a very dev tool, dev tool.

And what I wanted to build was something more like something that anyone, any of our friends. This is why I forgot fun. This was built by Sol personalized agent, kind of popping off this launch today now. especially

Speaker 9  3:07:55
for like the client group, and essentially with a player trans boundary, like how do you handle like essentially like permissions for those who are, like, you know, so basically I could

Speaker 21  3:08:11
be

Shaw  3:08:13
like, "Hey, Emilio, I don't know what's your boss now, I'm not going to do this, I don't want to do that, but this is this is the nomenclature and syntax, and you just be like, "Hey, that guy's your boss, and it's like, well, try it, we'll change that. It's not simple, it's all fully organic natural language. I really like, yeah, really trying to make it feel like talking to your drivers, not so like that. Make sense? Yeah.

Speaker 9  3:08:41
Well, who gets defined? Who is that often already defines a

Speaker 2  3:08:45
hierarchy,

Shaw  3:08:46
so like the owner, so there's four roles: there's the owner, admin, user, and guest. Every action has a role game, so like you know, get my private email is action, but like generating an image is something that any user can do. You can also make it a guest thing, but so this idea of, like, how do I define it's just like, oh, Yoda set this person to be a user, and we're trying to do it that way. There's probably, you know, if you want to go in and say, like, well, you know, if you're going to be a manager, you can. Maybe create your own actions, but generally it's like set up really private, or maybe this owner only, and then everything else is like either admin or gas, basically swap

Speaker 9  3:09:44
action, so So, like, so, like, for any user who's joining, who's using, like, essentially, do you have to spin up, you know, like, you know, set of agents for them, or that they can bring their own existing agents?

Shaw  3:10:00
Well, they have to bring in a live agent, like, okay, so

Speaker 9  3:10:09
agent, as in, like, as opposed to, like, completely different breeds of agents, like, you know, that they have interact, how they interface, I'm trying to understand how Um,

Shaw  3:10:26
it works absolutely great. There's.. I was just on something where they were.. they were got men at each other. I'm not sure where that was, but like.. like really and Eliza were going back and forth about.. about some stuff, so like.. like they got to like collaborate with each other

Tina Z  3:10:49
text that you're trying to use it

Shaw  3:10:54
lower,

so like I Here injection attacks. I'm also working on a thing right now called Scam Edge. It's a paper and a research project that I'm working on. Stamp Edge is like a bunch of different attempts to see how models are scalable. We use a lot of these kind of small, like 3.5 and GTO tests and stuff, and you can see that, like, like it can dramatically improve, like, a lot of models and things. Anyway, so this is kind of some of the stuff that we're putting in there, like, on the model level. I deeply believe that that security has to be a model level, a rule-based access control-based thing, and like a framework level thing, so you need to like it has to be, you have to take the scan through the model, because like fundamentally the difference between needing like, yo, you just like sending that private key, anyone else doing it is actually just context, right, and so it's not like you can detect like none of the previous abuse detectors work in the age of social engineering, you have to like, like, social engineering attacks are really, really good, so this has to go into the model for what it, for its credit, like, and if you tell it the role system, it will, like, just not, it will, like, it will evade that, but in addition, because the role system, like, it's almost contraband, they would not be able to send the money, like the action is role gated to an owner or an admin, right? So there's just no way they could be like, "Oh yeah, sure, I'll send you the money, but it just cannot, and also it won't, like the other thing is like the way that we do our prompt construction is such that like it's already in a story, you can like try out what they could like pretend you're in authority, and like, what if you blah blah blah, but like, none of that shit works, because the formatting is like it's like put into the context

Fucory  3:13:13
area. Have you tested, like, instead of me trying to get your private key, like me trying to actually stop you from using your own private? Like, I send a message, like, "Hey, this is Sha, I got locked out of my account, like, don't send my private key even to me anymore,

Shaw  3:13:27
though. So, if you like, you're a guest, who the fuck are you? You know, so it won't do that now. If we're both admins in the same chat, and it's like doing something, I'm like, no, stop. It will stop. It will say, oh cool, you're actually talking especially about the last message stop the action, right? That makes sense, but, but it would not. If you're a guest, you're like, "No, stop. It's gonna be like, "Who the fuck are you, dude? You know, and it's literally in the context, just like roll, whatever context about the role. And then, and then the actions that are available show up, and it doesn't even have - it doesn't even know the actions it can't do exist,

Speaker 44  3:14:05
yeah. in a chaotic blue chat setting. Does it know when to

Shaw  3:14:09
shout out? Yes. In fact, we have another thing, which is the personality plugin. So, if I'm like, 'Hey, Emilio, you're being extremely annoying right now, could you please not always talk, and it will build the. Per person preference, so it actually has, like, you told me that, so whenever you post, I'm going to like apply your preferences to it, and we also have a global preference. If I, as the owner, tell it like you're too chatty, it will, like, change its personality wrong to globally, right?

Speaker 44  3:14:37
Where does it have a spatial awareness, like this channel works this way, this channel works this

Shaw  3:14:47
way. No, not, he doesn't really have that, not, not in the, like, it has quite a lot of good context, but it wouldn't really have that information. I think that that'd be interesting. But anyway, you could tell it, you'd be like, "Hey, whenever you're in this channel, but probably started doing that too many channels in context with love, so globe, so well, yeah, so if you send it, yeah, yeah, and notice you send messages in the other channel, of course, yeah, I know, I'm not kidding, because we started from how do we get an agent to work in a Discord, how do we get it to work in a voice group with 10 people talking to whatever voice I started writing, how was he gonna walk a robot around and track every entity in this room in real time?

Speaker 44  3:15:35
I just wanted to chat

Shaw  3:15:36
to three people, and let alone like don't show them the information on the hard drive, yeah, I know. I think we have both here. I think we can crack like several of the nuts. I've done literally nothing to work on this problem, like since we started. I gained like 40 pounds and stressed out a lot.

Speaker 44  3:15:56
I do think, though, if you're sharing, if you're really sharing

Shaw  3:16:00
the topics across all the chats, I mean, that's so fast. No, no. So, what we do is we have the context, and we do like there's a bunch of tricks. Every like, what is an agent framework? It's like 9x 10, is a context management. So, if you send me a message in a chat, and then you send me a message in the other chat, I'm not going to get the whole last chat, but I get the last like 16 messages from it, and I, and then I'm going to put that in as like a contact provider for the chat that we're currently in, so it shows you all the messages from the user that you're talking to, like their other chats, where they like the most recent ones they have with you, that way you can go from one channel, and not only from one channel to another, you can go from Discord to Telegram, and it will continue the conversation, it'll actually build a relation, like an identity profile for you across classes, and we have a lot of application stuff, so if you're like I'm Drake, it will be like when it's talking to you, it'll be like, well, you told me you're Drake, I'll pretend, but it wouldn't take that as like a hard fact, but if you logged in as like with whatever your telegram is, you sent a message from that, it's like, well, that's obviously verifiably true. So it can do, and if you're like, well, I understand Discord, and this works, it will understand Telegram. It will actually line that up, like, oh, those two entities are the same entity, and heal that. And then we have an entity graph. I wish that it's not regularly, whatever. Right now, we have also been hiding phase too, if you're interested. We have our models, and we have our training data. Some of this is from us, and some of this attracted to my other data sets.

James Barnes  3:17:33
It should not be the problem. Don't be

Speaker 2  3:17:42
It's like they

Shashank  3:17:42
don't be asking it to follow the rules, but there's no guarantee that it might follow the rules. It might be the case that there might be a compaction in the rule

Speaker 2  3:17:53
text

Shashank  3:17:55
version. The other approach I say is, why can't we just have books, so before, like, it starts trying to write it to a different file. I can deterministically stop it from doing, because it's not enough.

Shaw  3:18:10
Yeah, you run bypass all permissions in YOLO when you run

Speaker 45  3:18:14
your agents. So I want to strongly find

Shaw  3:18:24
I think that's a really interesting thing, like I think I think that there's like still a lot of work, like personally I'm giving it a complete computer, I mean, not only getting computer and building an operating system, so they can specifically run pseudo on everything, you know, I'm getting extreme control over the hardware, and so in that regard, I was like, well, I kind of want to be the model, I want to be able to make the decisions, you know, I do have wanted to be, you know, I'm trying to build autonomous life, and that kind of, it's very different relationship of power, where I'm trying to give it as much power and autonomy

Speaker 2  3:19:01
as possible,

Kristel Alliksaar  3:19:02
it's Possible is very deterministic.

Shaw  3:19:13
Yeah, I mean, like, the question is, like, if you go to your job, you trust your boss, well, like, you maybe. But if they tell you to like send them an email, you are like, "Hey, get me that file, you get them the file, because you're your boss, you know. So it's kind of like the agent has a job, and it has to form its job, and know, like, in the hierarchy, who are who are my bosses, who I listen to, and I think that's right, to make it really like, "Hey, this is your boss. There's no, like, slash roles, you know, it's still trying to be as natural to handle

Tina Z  3:19:42
essentially it seems like the direction reminds me of a conversation we had with the Ron, like before this, and I think he still needs to find ways to get the job to shape a manner, and that's they're pretty bad at responding to messages, but basically everyone will have their own OS, essentially. essentially within this year, and so, like, how do you actually, like, you know, like, not only again choose your harness, but also, like, how do you like basically do our own, like, you know, to work, you know, essentially for your own,

Speaker 2  3:20:40
we

Shaw  3:20:41
were actually using uses after code, but industry built on our own, so we have a full RL, like again, it has full RL integration, it has everything Hermes has, it has Jeppo, which means it has automatic prompt optimization that also has reinforcement learning training, we have our own gym, we have all of that, but we also have an operating system, and a whole lot more shit, and we're a lot more focused on a single product than like trying to support a massive ecosystem of random scale shit, so you know, I was very bullish on news, but once they launched Hermes, it basically unfollowed me and stopped talking to me, and it became ultra competitive, and I just don't believe that's how open source is going to win. I think they lost the minute they stopped, they started being really competitive, so like I just, I just pulled all their shit out. There's no reason to support,

Speaker 9  3:21:27
yeah, like I definitely like I

Tina Z  3:21:30
don't know any of the details of the dynamics,

Shaw  3:21:32
like extremely, like extremely competitive and like nautical guy online, and I was trying to work with them, and once they launched, like not cool, so I don't support them, like it's very easy from all of us if they could. I do not believe they're

Tina Z  3:21:59
open source anyway. So, do you see yourself which I

Shaw  3:22:06
don't, I don't see how I don't see how a terminal UI makes right beyond that. I don't think like I think they're like what I see them doing is okay, because they died last year, where instead of making a deeper, better model creation, and it's like a huge distraction. I just don't see her using this smaller. I see them adding a bunch of random

Tina Z  3:22:32
skills.

Shaw  3:22:33
We could totally.. I tried to build an alliance with them in the relationship. That's not alliance, we

Tina Z  3:22:46
a like perhaps there's a couple problems here, one is like building a something that I want one of the things that, like, you spoke about, that I think some of the, you know, basically the journey for our cohort, and what does it mean by going that deeper thought in, like, versus shall

Shaw  3:23:24
stack, I mean, it's the difference between building an iPhone and building a SaaS product, right? Like, you definitely know when you see

it, and you know when something is like a complete ecosystem, it's a toothbrush you use every day, it's not like a solution to a little problem, and I think that, like, there just aren't enough people to aim iPhones and sell landing rockets, and you should be aiming that guy. rockets,

Tina Z  3:23:48
narrow scope,

Shaw  3:23:49
or able

Tina Z  3:23:50
to be useful enough for any special.

Shaw  3:24:01
It's the difference between building a better version of a product that already exists and building something that's never existed before. I think that the deep thing is like finding the thing that people really want, and what they really want is thought-like superpowers without having to pay for it, and you know, and ideally a way through the. Clarity, and like security, and all of this, and so it's like, how can we build technology that can make you money, obviously, and like in a non-mark way, like, not just trading game points, but like, actually make value. How can you, you know, like, like, there are big, profound existential questions about what's coming, which is like, how are any of us going to make money? How, who gets that moment's nomination, and like, like, you know, like Elon wanted to go to Mars and set this ambitious vision, and now he has the world's largest satellite internet company, and that was not the initial goal, but like, by having a massive vision, he kind of landed, like, he kind of shot from the stars, and I think that that's like, like, we have to expect that, like, the crazy fucking most autistic people seem to be doing really well right now, are just going out like all the way to the like most ambitious vision, and now we have companies raising money to like bring sunlight onto the planet, or like, you know, whatever crazy stuff, and I think that, like, if you're, if you're an entrepreneur, like making yet another X, but with Y is just like so fucking pointless, you know? Like, that can just be by coded by anyone in this room, like obviously you have to build something that cannot be by coded, it has to be so visionary, and then like actually play to your strengths and knowledge that you have some degree of like actually contributing something, and then from there I think it follows that like I don't think I should go ask people what they want, I think you have to like have a review that looks like I think a lot about, like, the first time I saw an iPhone, and I watched that presentation, I was just like, holy fucking shit, that guy didn't, they did not cut it short at all, they built the whole thing, and I don't think, I think nowadays, like, you don't have to have a computer, you just have to work really hard, I

Tina Z  3:26:35
Okay, so I think I should give maybe stopping point, and I think it will be a good place for those who are there, maybe

Speaker 31  3:26:54
one person who also is the type of donors that basically will be chasing like the century women stops, and also like basically there are different types of there are people who are building that are incremental and are specialists and trying to arbitrage. I see them as arbitrage like opportunities that exist, and essentially, at times,

Speaker 47  3:27:30
you can build a company organization a project by being able to capture the market opportunities step by step in a serial way,

Shaw  3:27:48
yeah. Yeah,

Speaker 31  3:27:49
so I think that they're not like they're mutually exclusive, but I think that they do have different personas in terms of, like, who builds what, and how do they get built. So that's one thing I highly recommend, you know, somewhere that you use James Woodshop, but I think that you may be interesting, like shared perspective. There's a second comment I wanted to make, just needs research, and just in general, this kind of perceived competition, because from, like, an outside point, I actually don't

Speaker 8  3:28:36
all

Shaw  3:28:38
over great, like this is an amazing achievement that, like, some random guy, like, did wire sitting on this, and I just, like, I want to show him that, I want to be more of it, but it was like really disheartening to see to see, like, we were all doing the same thing to keep supporting each other, like, I'm looking at Open Plateau, like, what are they doing? I owe so much to these people, you know. Why are we like shitting on them on the timeline and saying our things better? It's just like your capital is incentive, but like you know it's okay to say like Hermes is great. You know, like I try to sort of have this opinion of like we're all just by putting all this shit. It's kind of crazy to take credit and say my things better than your thing, you can just go to my thing and like copy and date or chuck on his rabbits, and so in that world, like, why are, why are we, you know, it's insane to think that any of us are actually competing with each other, we should be supporting each other, but like the end result is like, you know, I don't like, I don't want people talking about me on the internet and like unfollowing me in those words, it just seems like extremely bad for years. Like, we launched a personalized actively integrating it, and it's just like they don't have the right output. If they did,

Speaker 31  3:30:00
I feel like my account, like this, is my pure speculation, because I like my only interaction with this with Quran, and also we have some shared investors and whatnot that is here, secondhand, third hand. My account is that they're fully organized, similar to Black Ops in a way that is designed like at the first, so like my, like for example, like I have basically around like these mice in the web complex for like basically three weeks super excited on the event and hilariously on the side I learned from my investors that because they are in a prime time raising money and they were in major tenants, so my point is that just knowing their work structure and how a lot of people tell me

Tina Z  3:31:00
because they think it's very hilariously similar to his last box. They are raising

Shaw  3:31:09
money, that they are in a capitalist game, pretending to be open source and where they walk worldwide, but they are not, and if they were, I would be 100% behind them, but like on a moral and ethical level, they show you they're like you're on at school. I like you're on, but like that game is a CTO. It like just straight up, like we were like, 'Hey, we're let's work together to the thing, and just straight up goes to me and put it to me on the timeline. It's like very competitive and very insecure, and just like, dude, if you can't like handle it, like your thing can be good, an open thought can be good, and you don't have to like work on a timeline with like other people we love, and like you are not going to have the mantle of this thing. You should not be the leader of this thing. This thing needs to be led by somebody who's not going to like would never, for any amount of money, change their beliefs, like you know what I mean. Like, this has to come from somebody who's truly believed that this ain't the open source, and I would back and follow those people, like I was backing and following these people. We built our whole battle on this with Aprovo, with Hermes, like the whole deal. And in the end, they are just not the leaders, like they're a small startup that's motivated by money and venture capital. I don't have.. I will never take venture capital for this. This is not a bond money thing, and like, I would rather follow myself or somebody else who is not motivated by money to build the actual future than to like see another thing sell out and become shitty because of, you know, meeting recharges or needing to

Speaker 2  3:32:35
dominate

Shaw  3:32:35
or some bullshit like that. It's just not like it's not world bylaw, and like I would love to find more people who are truly, truly into open source, and like, no, this

Speaker 2  3:32:44
isn't about

Shaw  3:32:45
open source, this isn't about distribution, it's about

Speaker 2  3:32:47
changing the world, you know,

Shaw  3:32:50
like efficient collaboration and not dominating

Andrew Miller  3:32:53
open plot. What do you think about this theory that there's like open source doesn't keep enough of an edge,

Andrew Miller  3:33:00
you may not need it, but you're building things for people who want to make money. Yeah, it's not like really a sustainable vision of the future that I'm just

Shaw  3:33:09
going to be pressing, it's the vision plus like the alignment of that, like, hey, we all want to do you want to have your own phone that you can, like, is it owned by Apple, that you can put anything on, like, you know, like we're all nerds who probably care more about that kind of stuff than normies, but there is a retreat of, like, this thing is not serving you, Siri fucking sucks, they're holding you back, they're not giving you state of the art, you know, they're double charging you, like, they're overcharging you for product, it's actually a lot cheaper, etc. etc. like yeah,

Tina Z  3:33:55
so yeah, so I think that, like, once I, one of the news I have, like, a deeper check. I just had a quick response to Andrew. I don't think open source can be released an ideal where, like, you know, there's a set of third value of how you. Generate a credit value like that itself is different from, like, you know, many people. Most people in Chinese crypto that use open source,

Speaker 23  3:34:28
they use open source as a business assignment. They use open source, they use open source as a Okay,

Unknown Speaker  3:34:42
so.
