James Barnes  0:02
With my co-founders, and then ultimately got on alignment created an alignment with our potential customers, and that's what I'm going to talk about. So, to tell this story, I want to show a picture of a book that won't hold still, and I want to open it, and the pages keep rearranging themselves, and we see Facebook, and we see Donald Trump, and we see Cambridge Analytica, we see depositions, and Ayahuasca, and artificial intelligence in the New York Times, and every time I try to write this story down, it becomes something else. I can't write it down, it's impossible. I just keep changing it every time I try to write it. I had spent six years at Facebook working on the strangest edges of the 2016 election. I was the Facebook group who worked with the Trump campaign in 2016 I was the first person to flag the events of Cambridge Analytica, apparently before it became a scandal, and then I spent years as a witness in the aftermath, which was not fun. It was interesting. There's a difference between an interest, and it was type two fun if you squint, and I wanted to write a book about it. And then again, every time I started to write a detail, the details changed, and then I became demotivated, and at the same time I'd been like completely pilled by AI. In 2022 I was building chat bots with GPT three, and I became really obsessed with this simple question, which is, if we're needing a new intelligence, which I felt like it was. How does it come to know us? And the metaphor that I kept returning to was like the movie Arrival, which was a movie based off of one of my favorite short stories. A new kind of mind appears. We don't know what it wants, we don't know what, or whether our categories that we use to describe it, even apply at all. When we meet new people, we reveal ourselves gradually, like, where did you come across? What hurt you? What do I love? What do I not understand? And I wanted to know, how could I do that with this new intelligence that I was needing? How could I do it with AI? So my first breakthrough came in Joshua Tree. I went to Joshua Tree National Park to the Lost Horse Mine Trail with my friend Sam, and he, we hired a cameraman who followed us on a six hour hike while I told my life story on camera. Sam Bafa was there on that trip, and we walked through the desert, and we talked about this crazy journey that I'd been on, and then a few months later, Anthropic released Claude 100k and suddenly I could put the whole transcript into context, I could see what was obvious from my own words that I could see, I could finally take the totality of my whole life and give it to another mind to examine. At least I thought that's what I could do. It was addictive, it was provocative, and it was useful. AI could be more intimate than some search box, not a replacement for friendship with a new kind of mirror. So I found that narcissus was a really good metaphor for that, and it was my origin point for being interested in documenting the details of my life through AI, but it was not the only one. So, let's move to a family table with an elderly woman with nearly a century of memories beside her. There's a reporter at the table and a professional biographer across from her, but the family worried that if her stories aren't captured now they're disappear. This is true for many, many people, as I learned, and so I, as I did a little Huss Thompson trip through California, and I came back, and I was nearly out of the money, and I ran into this guy at a wedding who had created a unicorn. I started telling him all of these stories about how I thought we needed a way to introduce ourselves to artificial intelligence, and I had raised a couple $100,000 to an accelerator, and I was almost done with it. I didn't know where to go next, and he had started this company, and he said, 'You know what? I think there's really a need for older people to like document their stories in this way. I think that could be a really good product. And so little did I know he was had a concrete emotional customer in mind, which was his aunt Betty, who was nearly 100 years old, and she was nearing the end of her life, and he wanted to capture her story before it disappeared, and I knew this because we hired a professional biographer to interview her and start to help us get more data to understand what we might want to build with this app later Later, I learned that a eulogy that GPT four wrote with my help for her, based off those interviews, was read at her funeral and helped people learn more details about her that in her family they didn't know, which was very moving. So, for me I was like interested in this existential technology that could help me understand myself and make sense of this period of time that I'd been in and find the courage to tell my own story by building this tool and for Luke it was about helping his grandmother close out nearly a century of being alive on the planet, and these were both like real important beads, but they were not the same, and we never were able to see eye to eye. We never even really had that conversation. So that's what I'm going to dive into now, about finding alignment with yourself, finding alignment with your co-founder's, and ultimately find your customers when you're building something new. So, the first alignment failure was inside of me. So, out loud, I was building a school to help people preserve, discover, and tell their life stories, and that was true. When autobiographer worked, people found language for gratitude. They had noticed, like, roles that other people had played in their lives, they were able to like make sense of other stories, and my own interview with Katie Couric was like one of the best examples of this with autobiographer. I started to be going to understand my father differently. I'd grown up feeling a lot of distance, my parents were divorced, and as the guy had started to ask about my childhood and jobs and opportunities, I started to notice that, like, he was behind all of my early job opportunities, and as a person who distinguished myself from the workforce over decades by just working harder than other people, that came from him, right? He was like the person who's behind that, and that came from just the guide that I built in Autobahn for asking him all these questions, so I called him, and I thanked him, and he told me that being of service was how he expressed love. One of the things that I learned, though, over time was that underneath the mission I was also trying to rescue myself. I wanted this to help me write the book that I couldn't write, because I wanted to turn all of this insanity of Facebook and depositions and politics and psychedelics and ambition and guilt and reinvention into something stable that I could look at and I could hold, because I was feeling so shattered by it all. And there's nothing wrong with building from your own wound like many great products being there, but you have to know that that's what you're doing, right, and I didn't, so I couldn't tell the difference between what was good for the product and what was good for me, or what was a psychological need that I was looking for this product and not ultimately this company that I raised millions of dollars for to solve, and the question of, like, was I building the best thing for users, or the thing that helped me believe that me and my own story mattered, and that was that was something I had absolutely no ability to understand in the moment, and this drove, like, some deep misalignment with my co-founders. So, if you picture our company on, like, a split screen, and so on the left you have, you know, Aunt Betty's table with the family archive and a eulogy printed out. How are we doing on the paper I'd read aloud at a funeral, and on the right there's like this glowing chat window at 2o'clock in the morning, there's a long context of transcript unfolding, like a neural map, a hacker asking the model what he can't see about himself. I understood this enthusiasm for alignment, because everyone can look at an AI interviewer helping a dying relative tell her story and say, yes, that matters. Everybody can discover gratitude for their parents, but that's kind of the entry point, you have to go deep, but so while loop was building for Betty, and I was bidding, building for myself, for Betty, the question was, How do we make this warm, accessible, safe, and obvious to a person whose stories are close to disappearing, and to the family who loves her? It has to feel trustworthy before it feels magical. The features that matter are onboarding and voice captioning and family sharing and printed books, and going and talking to people at old songs, and it's just like this deep immersion that you have to have and the needs of this person in order to build something that they're ultimately going to use, and so if you're building for me, the question is like, well, how do we create an intelligence that can get a hold of us self and context and ask the next question no human would know to ask, and I care about memory and long context, and question quality, and synthesis, and reflection, and agency, and export, and the feeling that the system is ultimately helping you see your own mind, and ultimately what I cared about in the long term was that I could give it to my agents, which I ultimately have to like write a bookstore, and so for Betty, the and he, the product shared infrastructure, but it wasn't the same roadmap, it wasn't even the same definition of working right, and not being able to nail that down, come to alignment with Luke, and say, okay, who are we building for right now, meant that we weren't talking to anybody, really, in particular. We would talk to this person, we would talk to that person, but there was no definition of success that we shared, and the lack of a definition of success that we shared meant that we were always fighting. We were going in circles, and we spent a lot of time building something really beautiful that ultimately, when we launched, nobody really used, and we never forced that resolution, thus we never like achieved that alignment of the product, and like aligning with this person that I was building with, not aligning with them meant that that didn't make it into the product, unless we didn't have alignment with Betty and people like her, we did not have even alignment with me and people like me, because we had no single person who we were talking to, we had no single person whose needs beyond the sort of needs that I saw myself that we were solving for it, so I was like trying to build this like beautiful, like ambitious thing, and ultimately, you know, wasn't really building it for anyone in particular, and so I think I used to think the core question was like, can AI help people tell their stories? And the answer is yes. The answer, the question is like, well, can AI help Betty tell their stories? Can AI, or can AI help me and you, and you tell our story? So, can I be like really precise about the person that I'm thinking about when I'm making something? I definitely not solve that problem on myself, right? I definitely, I'm like, oh, this could be this, and this could be this, and this could be that, it could be everything for everyone. And ultimately, like, to really solve someone's problem, you're definitely a deep amount of empathy for that person, which needs you need to understand your own motivations. I need to understand my own motivations, need to be honest about them with the people that we're building with, and ultimately use that honesty to put a stake in the ground, and say, okay, like this, like this is who we're building for, and these are the trade-offs we're going to make, and this is the shape that this thing is going to take ultimately in order to make something that people are really going to love, so like you return back to the sound stage, the lights are still perfect, the cameras are like still in my face, and Katie's still asking me the right questions. The background still glows like incredibly bright, but the soundstage look is not proof, right? Like, the lights, the experience of sitting here and like creating an extensive marketing video, and, and like creating all of the shapes of something that is meant to work, is like not the real question. The question was like, were we all telling the right the same story? Were we all like, if we were sitting in a boat, were we all willing in the same direction, and we said the words that we spoke on the stage, did we actually believe in them all the way from like what was motivating us to the person that we were building from, and so this is the lesson that I'm trying to carry forward in my own work, and it's something that I definitely, it's an edge that I'm needing to grow in this time as a founder, this is my second time around, or third time around, depending on how you count it, and the question I think that's important to ask all the way from your art to the people that you're working with, ultimately to people that you're serving, is are we on the same page, and if we're not, can we figure out whether or not, can we figure out what motivates each of us, and why it's important, and how, like, we can make tough decisions in order to serve a market that's clear and legible and coherent, and ultimately build something that you can, like, take feedback from people that you're building, and then, like, create something that really solves their problems in a cool way. So, yeah, that's that is my lesson on alignment, and yeah, happy to take any questions

Speaker 1  14:39
of the lessons you're building for yourself? How do you have you heard that today? Yeah, and I'm curious about just exploring that. Yeah,

James Barnes  15:04
well, I think you gotta clearly, I mean, some like, if I was like, you have to build something, I think next to something to be fair about, right? Otherwise, you're not gonna have everything, um You're not ultimately like you describe what I describe as myself, right? It's like this collection of dollars people, and so I think sometimes saying, "Oh, I'm building this for myself, like be a way of just avoiding the hard choice between the hard trade-offs, with like going into validation people, and I think that that has been that's kind of the moment that we're having right where we see this work in so many like different contexts, and so you know we're trying to get this context right now, and other people benefits from using this to like awesome conversations like you know we want to kind of like collapse so they function that is to try to say okay like I I am fast I can change multitude God soar is fast you can change lots of things that we're interested in hospitals if you care about it. Ultimately, also like through YC, where the model of YC is like make something that people want, and that is like really

Speaker 1  16:31
productively

James Barnes  16:32
simple, right? If you just want to make something that people want, the question is like, Who are those people? I think kind of this time around the real discipline that I'm looking at voice to myself is just like, who are those people? What is the what is the core thing? What is the stake I want to put in the ground? What is the message I want to go for? Who I want to go talk to every day is that I understand. We're not sure, like, I think the only evidence that you solve that problem is like freely making some one. I think if your company has an exit or dominated, you get a shirt that says I made something, so not that new insurance going out, right? Like a small amount of people without the discipline focused this time around. That's sort of the question.

Speaker 1  17:34
Welcome

Fucory  17:35
any example of like where maybe the future different directions to me, kind of sniff that out and address it anyway.

James Barnes  17:50
I think

James Barnes  17:54
in this moment, you know, we like, we just have some things that

James Barnes  17:58
are mentioned here as an example. On Saturday, they're like our best DJ show vendor, so like, I think you know there's a world we can say, okay, DJs. I think we want to do that. I think we both have recognition that's a little bit larger than that. So, you know, I think we're lucky. I think it's very pretty aligned technology and stay disciplined and like hold ourselves accountable

Kristel Alliksaar  18:41
here You have decided something, but now I'm actually acting differently. What, what I was deciding, you know, this is super important to put this detector in place, but how, how do we really do

James Barnes  19:10
it? I think that's a good question. I'm not sure I really solved that. Maybe the answer to agents,

Kristel Alliksaar  19:15
that's your gateway,

James Barnes  19:20
you hold yourself accountable when you're doing something that's different than what you like committed to, or what you expressed. It's

Kristel Alliksaar  19:27
so easy to, you know, go into areas where you already know that you can succeed, and then move fast, and you don't want to go into directions, maybe not naturally for you, a bit like more complicated, or, but, but you have decided that this is something that needs to be done, you know. So it's like,

James Barnes  19:50
yeah, I think, like, the, that's something I'm still trying to learn every day, it's like discipline and focus, and like, you know, trying to build good habits, and, like, you know, also just like looking back at the times where you like made mistakes, and be like, you know, I think with, like, I think right now, at least, when I look at where we are with Ethereum, I just think about autobiography, like, okay, like, I know what it was like to be in two places at once, and I don't want to, that's not the path that I want to choose this time, right? Like, we want to, it's important to know, like, the, like, there is a lot of comfort and uncertainty, because that means that the, like, the potential seems most bounded to unbounded when things are certain, but I think we're kind of in this world to actualize things, right. We're in this world to build things and to create things that have value to people. So I think I found more comfort, you know, in kind of being in both positions, because it also meant that I got to avoid conflict, right. We didn't have to have those arguments if we were just like kind of keeping our feet in both places, and you know, I can be really conflict averse, and so just like saying, oh, this is a place where I don't have to fight, right, where I like, where I just get to say, okay, we're building for this person, but we're also really building for this person, it's like, well, like, you're not really building for either of them, because you're not, you aren't committing to like solving the problems of either of those profiles, and then not committing, you're kind of just building something that straddles it, and don't get me wrong, I think we built something really beautiful with Autobahn, for it also really had horrible retention, and people stopped using it at Fiji Keeps, because you know it was like maybe not the right product factor, maybe like you know, we like also with like old folks, it's really hard. It's this problem called the principal agent problem, which is like, you know, the further like the person who's the intended user of your product, like years away from the person who actually buys it from the feedback loop, is fuller, because like people are buying gifts for their elderly parents who like have for a technology they can't really use, like a lot, you know, many, many gifts go on open, and so I think that was a challenge that we faced, and so maybe a challenge that we would have dug into more quickly if we just been focused on that alone, but we weren't, because we wanted to be in both places at once, and so that was that ended up being a challenge for us, so there

Speaker 1  22:29
like anything that

Fucory  22:30
you would say like was more in the realm like this one really well and I'm like taking this into Ethereum or even like something where maybe it looks like him went poorly, but not necessarily changing that, and be like trusting in process.

James Barnes  22:57
Yeah, I mean, a theory attack you, the value of like really high quality production, like that was that was excellent, you know, that being on the stage in Mandalore, and like, you know, that for the quality of the storytelling we have there was really great, you know, we nearly closed a deal with, we nearly closed a deal with a major publisher to give like a rise to a person who had the best biography, and I think part of what stopped us from closing that deal was because we didn't have like that focus of the customer in mind, and so it's kind of hard to make commitments about where we want to go about that, however, you know, like being able to say, oh, okay, you can go to like nailing Katie Greerson, as an example, you can go to, like, a Venice person and, like, reach out to them and show them what you're doing, like, they might actually, like, be okay, like, they might get involved. I was able to do that. My first startup, I was able to, like, Andy Duke, who's this professional poker player, and, like, wrote a book called Thinking Advents. I made a startup adoption, sort

Hunter (tinycloud)  24:02
of any dude,

James Barnes  24:04
yeah, yeah. So I just emailed her full, you know, like, and she, like, you know, became an advisor instantly into my first company, and so you know, I think I also learned a lot from my co-founder, who, you know, exited a unicorn about, about the discipline of like building a company over a decade, especially one it was in hardware, so it was about like what is it like that's just like it's an enormously painful thing to do, and so you know I think there was like a lot of a lot of lessons there been sharing a lot of stuff that went really well, I mean the product was beautiful, like, yeah. Well, it wasn't, it wasn't, wasn't a complete disaster. I think I wanted to lead with, like, that juxtaposition between, like, paying a ton of money to be on a sound stage and being interviewed by this famous person about something you care about, and so on, and, like, accelerate and accentuate the thing that you care about, and it's working and stuff, or it can like detract from and mask the lack of foundation that you build that having empathy, you know, I, I got to over the winter, I got to spend some time helping the teleport team user interviews for feedback, and I think that process really like opened me up, you know, just to like how powerful it can be to like have such a dense industry understanding of like another person's problems, especially you know one that doesn't necessarily share like we're very different in many ways. These were like H and D 24 so I think that it also like really helped. I think you know maybe both of those processes, and getting to know Betty, and also in, you know, interviewing these women for feedling, it just reminded me, right, that I'm not as different from people who I would, you know, there were this, like I'd written this kind of like snarky, is one word, like a telegram post about one of these women that we interviewed for feedling, and she, she was just kind of like consumed by the algorithm, right, on TikTok. She was just like so completely absorbed by it. It was as if she was a channel for this intelligence. So I wrote this like very clever, very like very like punchy summary of our interview, and then I had Claude take the thing and then make it about me and my relationship with God, and it was like the same thing. Oh, I'm just describing different types of psychosis, like I've got this psychosis, she's got that psychosis, we're, you know, we're the same. So I think, like, I think this just building things and getting in front of people and talking to them, and like, like being able to being in dialog, and hopefully solving people's problems, and like, you know, I'm still learning to do these things, that's however, you know, it's like, you know, with, without, with, with Ethereum as an example, you know, I think I started this because in a party setting, which is where we've mostly gotten to demo it, like, really has had the event that allows people to express themselves, people who you know can't necessarily make art, don't believe that they can make art, you know, had the ability then to paint with their voice, and you know, then it's like, okay, well, wow, like maybe we could like allow people who are expressing themselves in a medium like this to be able to like, like, be more engaging, and have just.. and I don't know how this is feeling to you guys right now, but it feels like, you know, like I think I end up finding a lot more pleasure in watching other people do this stuff, and doing it myself, and so that's, you know, there's a lot of joy in that.

Speaker 2  28:09
What's your process when maybe, for example, maybe you guys know of it, where the call also has your daughter has changed from the source of our community where it came from

Speaker 1  28:36
this area,

James Barnes  28:42
um well, like, autobiographer started as a chat bot on GPT three that I find, and it's called Second Voice, and for a while I was like pretty stoked about it. I think we had a couple 100 people that were engaging with it every day, kind of like going to like early stage, you have some real signs of traction. And then I got two things happened, which changed course a little bit. One was ChatGPT came out, so I was having like meetings with VCs where they're like, wait, you're building a chat bot, and then they're like, oh, you're building chat bot, which is like the category shifted a lot very quickly, and then the second thing that happened was like with GPT three, the chatbot I built out a great personality is very unaligned, and so when people would like start to talk to it about their problems, or to say, like, I think it started arguing with one user about the their therapist, which is like not great, and so I, I was kind of lost there, you know, and I think running into the invigorated union, and you know, I That, and then all the things that I just said apply, but then I think that the theory is, and like watching the technology evolve, and sort of like see like when the technology is like nominally better, it's like, oh, this model is better, that people actually respond to it, are people actually like finding what is like what pattern is before, like getting feedback from kind of seeing like how it works in different circumstances, and starting to see like a different shape, and so you know, I think with the theory, it's like we've been, I think right now it's just we've got, we've been gathering a lot of data over to listen to work and what could be the tech is, and you know, I think we're gonna be like we're trying to make the tougher decisions now, you know, to say, okay, like, here, all the things it should be, having said that, they're not just not DJ, so it's like that's the, like, you know, there's a core and a soul of it that, like, matters to it, and kind of like figuring out

Andrew Miller  31:19
more tips on, like, selecting customer segments. I still kind of don't know which comes first to do that. I get that you want, like, a large enough size that it should be a small enough niche that you can do something really meaningful, that it should be something that you feel well enough, you know, motivated by. I basically start by just thinking in terms of like, oh, I should try to become a segment where I'm most likely to find myself spending a lot of time talking with customers in this segment, and that already seems like a tough challenge for me to pick, but really shouldn't be the only decision thing, and really not sure how to weigh the market research evaluating side versus just the more intrinsic like where I'll find motivation to keep going

James Barnes  32:11
like I think

James Barnes  32:22
I With we were doing like the research with Feed Lane, I felt really convicted time to tell, and obviously that product has been evolving, so there's many. I was just, just reading the paper that you said earlier, just reminding the research, and like, I think it's really important to go, like, where your artists, what are you, what is it, the thing, what is it that's truly motivated you? Like, where can you commit to that, or can you find other people who are like, who kind of share that, like challenge, or or if you just have like deep empathy, for you know, with like, like, for me, when I was doing, we were doing like the feedling research, I felt really deep empathy with the woman that I was talking to, because I felt like I contributed to the problem, I felt like in my career, in my life, I contributed to the problem they were experiencing. So I think that, like, the feeling of empathy, whether it's because it's something that you experience yourself or it's something that you know people experience, or something that you contributed to, I think that's kind of the, like, I think that it's really what I could cultivate more, I think, and that's kind of like the what I should maybe search for in my, you know, as we, as we have to make these tough decisions, like that's really the feeling I should try to hold, is like, where do I feel like the most empathy and motivation to solve like these problems for this person, and then also like I think the thing that, like, is like important to just kind of, you know, it's like you have to know how to hold it, and no one to fold up, you know, it's like when you like when it's like, is it the right product, the wrong audience, the wrong product, the right audience, you know, can you, if you can be like really convicted about the problem you saw for the audience, then if that particular expression doesn't work, then you can kind of like go back to the drawing board, if not, have to say, well, I don't really want to solve a problem with people that I want to be able to try again, but I don't know if I'm like the most credible witness on that subject, sometimes learning to do as well.

Albiona Hoti  34:38
How much do you rely on many different guides and sources that are happening, launch different things, but it's Finally,

James Barnes  35:16
I think I use AI. We use AI a lot to like think about this as strategy, and think about, like, you know, ultimately all of our success with this product has come down to getting it in front of people in person, so sales, and also just like gigs, you know, it's like the installation that we're building right now is because I did a gig at that guy's house, and so,

Speaker 2  35:50
yeah, what's your process?

James Barnes  36:00
I mean, it's been a lot of like networking, like being here in Brooklyn, or like, you know, yeah, just one, like, you know, we were like involved, like I, I met the person who ended up meeting, introducing me to Noriel, who actually met her one night at House of Yes with John Fagan. Her name is Shree. She's friends with many of us with this installation, really with like tree planting the bed in his house, like we have a lot of.. I mean, this is very specific to like the sort of path that we've been on, we have like a lot of friends who are just always throwing things, always doing things, and so I think actually one of the really core values that we hope to create with this space is just like to create a container that like it just makes that happen naturally with all the people that are in it, where you're just like oh I saw somebody performing, and I, and that person said I needed this to happen, or you know, I think even when it comes to just this stage, right? Like, I think what we're trying to do at this stage is to make it a place with like real-time AI visuals, where people can, you know, so far on a stage we've shot a music video, we had the guy with the longest time spent alone at sea, told his story about why he's neatly qualified to take us to Mars. We have just done a bunch of just fun like nights, we've done a couple DJ nights, like we've had some poets come up here, and I think, like, you know, we're hoping to do more like ops, just to have people come here and give talks about the things that you're doing, and so I think that is to try to create the environment, whether it's on the internet or in real life, that, like, the types of people that you're going to want to connect with are going to want to be in, and then to be in environments that like those people are going to want to be in. I think that's really a great thing about New York City, is just the like that people who are here kind of down, they like want to do things, because everybody here is just pretty high performing, like it's a hard place to be, right? So people who are here are pretty self-selected, so I think, like, making great news. I think New York City is probably, like, our greatest asset for people that are here, like, while we're all here together, it's just like, the more that we can, like, the more that more time we spend networking and talking to other people, and, like, you know, I think the more also like thinking about LOQ as an example. I would absolutely love to like collaborate to do a space where like you do like LIQ in front of an audience with a theory in the background, and now you have all these people who are like in the audience watching or participating, and this stage in the space kind of catalyzes it, and even when you think about stuff like deeply technical, as an example, like Smithers, right, like to be able to like host meetups, and to be able to like get people together in person. I think that's really where that's what I care about, right. It's like being able to build community in person, and to be able to like I try to kill as many groups with as few stones as possible, you know, if I can have a great time and connect with people and like move my company forward and like and like listen to great music, then that's that's that's a great day for me, so I think like to to trying to work and create the conditions such that the people that you are interested in serving are just going to be just a little bit,

Albiona Hoti  39:51
yeah. What I'm doing is a lot of word of mouth, basically a lot of friends, friends of friends and friends leading together, and one big component is the in-person events. Have you ever thought of an event that I connecting creative places in one performance, like for example, in a cell I was at this very, very interesting space where they would go on performances all the time, and they have, like, just like this, like they had performing things. So, have you ever thought of combining the in-person and online stunts as a company? Right, because I can see that the in-person victim are happening, it's like in person, like a campaign-based events, which take a lot of effort and definitely builds trust with the poor community, because people who get to enjoy it here talk to the mic in person and spend a few hours at the same event, they will go for sure and talk everywhere, right. right? Like, imagine if you would tap into spaces, then you would not be there, actually, but other people would be there to get to experience this joint type of connection online.

James Barnes  41:15
Yeah, I think that's a great idea. I mean, one of the things that Ganja and I have been talking about lately is like a 24 hour speed of Ethereum, because, like, we have now, like, this latest model, you know, which is starting to use it, it's really great audio reactivity, and so it's really responsive, like, there's so many great decisions in our orbit, and we also are right next to the lot radio, and they're really interested in collaborating with us, so I think online and offline, like, also you know, like, you know, there's, there's also like, it's, it's like this talk is about, like, you know, choosing a person in a segment to serve, that I get that is totally true, and I think also sort of like the sort of paradox of that is also to not let yourself be like completely defined by trade, it's like, okay, like you know, to like take risks, to do things just because they seem interesting, and to not like, that's I think where that really the right balance is, can you like find something that's sufficiently big and focused at the same time, so that you can do things like you know take a swing of the stream and see how that goes and think about like a core mission that also allows you to like

Albiona Hoti  42:35
sorry questions if you would see yourself in by the end of this like um what is like a genius version that you have that would be just a dream to get there that you want to see your

James Barnes  42:52
gut? I want to build like a generational brand around human expression and creativity. All right, I think that, that you know, it creates as we speak is sort of a great tagline, there, you know, I'm interested, like, if, if you know, we could go, I think we think a lot, especially like in this space, How can we build like the jobless tools to enable expression on another level, we give people the platform to share their expression amplified by those tools, and can we teach people to build their own self? I think that's really the, that's a flywheel about those three things. So, I think ultimately, you know, it sounds like you know our ambitions are like also very, very intertwined with the entities in the space, and so I was in space real use the phrase of Denasis Accelerator, you know, just to like sort of created substrate underlying space, have this stage pop up, how you know, have a like a useful product that's serving, you know, the serving like a focused segment well, and then at the second you know, after that, and like I think, like you should like spread a message of the like, I think we have this like message that I care a lot about, right, it's just like the agency that we have to create like the agency, we have to choose the future that we want to be in, so that's that's all of this work boils down into that, just like budget for this product, right? It's like I want to find a focus segment and like go to market with it and start selling all that other stuff can be given. It's not about like life, it's about when it's about like, okay. How do we sequence these things so we can get good signal build for defined audience and let that audience grow? That's kind of the question on my mind.

Sevenfloor (Xiaoting)  44:58
Yeah, I think Elder's question is not about selling products for me, have a local audience in the district, maybe offline, yeah, as a, an iterate in the Ethereum project, and also, like, I would say, like, maybe, like, period of, like, installation, it all depends on, like, the environment, like, every time you go to a different event, maybe the environment is a little bit different, so you need to, you maybe you need to set up a new like installation or projector, and how you make this environment to much more immersive, like to rely on to interact with people to, to like, yeah, I would say, like, like that's like how the audience experiments need to happen, and how you set up like make the decisions for each event, and how, how the first event to the feedback from the first inventor to be the feedback loop to the to the next one, and then

James Barnes  46:14
yeah, I mean, I think like one of the great things about being in person with people, at least for me, is that like my nervous system is very attuned to the body language of like every person, like what I'm hearing, what I'm not hearing, like kind of just like, like sometimes to a fault, you know, just kind of like just like a little bit of a like a you know, just absorbing the energy, so kind of see, like, as an example, you know, I got like some feedback from, like, Patrick and Lecturer about, you know, they hadn't seen Ethereum a while, you know, they were missing, you know, previous version, kind of like the feeling of responses past, you know, these are people I'm not sure if it was there, they're very interested in the video, so I feel very like they're very like aware of this feedback, and so you know just kind of like observing people and observing like are people holding the microphone, like are they, do they know what to say, like, are they, you know, like, is there, like, and of course, there's sometimes where you just kind of like, oh, is this working, you know, is it like, because you're, you know, also trying to make improvements, and like what you saw the previous time, I think it's like, like, totally, I think what is really valuable about getting feedback in person is they get to be present with the person and see how they react to the thing that's happening, you know, whereas like people might not want to be like people might want to be polite and email and kind of say okay, like, here you just can't, like, it's a lot harder to lie, you know, when you kind of logistic person watching people interact with something. It also allows you to do a lot to throw a lot of options to say, okay, like, I'm gonna, you know, we did this thing where we, we were performing on this 60 foot LED wall, and we were supposed to, like, have access to it that, and it just, like, it drops the ball that you like, give us access until 45 minutes beforehand, like we, you know, we're building our projection mapping software, and it kind of like couldn't handle the resolution of the LED wall, and so it crashed, and so thankfully, though, we were able to keep like Ethereum, like we're leaving the period back up really quickly with the presentation we planned to sort of just like scratch, so I just like ran into the crowd, and I started like talking, and just like, just like improvising, so that was like a really, and it turned out, you know, like people were like really were really energized by the Q and A we did after, and they were like less interested in like the and how we visualized Q and A, they were less interested in like the like specific DevOps, and so like that.

Albiona Hoti  49:28
I heard a few bottlenecks, these ones. I heard that you are the biggest bottleneck on like people getting onboarded on the mic and starting to perform, and I was immediately thinking of a version whenever this kind of event starts to play something play audio speaker some beautiful thing that can actually kick start material and have people listen to it but also see it happening because I think that for me was the biggest aha moment when I started speaking, or when I saw, so when I heard someone speaking to the mic, and then I will see the visuals, like I needed both sides to actually know what I want to do, and definitely it was like a very, like, you know, whole horror type of text, and beautiful voice doing that on the speaker on Ethereum, I think it is really depending on the event, right? So then it's like based on the five of the events, it can actually help you as a host. Yeah,

Hunter (tinycloud)  50:37
that's that's great feedback. I think the best events are when, like, someone takes the mic, and then somebody else sees them, and then sees this chain, and that's usually what happens. Sometimes it's not like the same sort of rough, roughly the same shape of feedback as Aldi, where the thing that I think would really like, there's like two things that I think would just improve, like, the legibility of what's happening to me. One of them is like the signal processing, so like I can hear you from the speaker. The other is subtitles, and I think, like, the routing the signal of speakers in the subtitles will just make it way clear to me that what you're saying is the substrate that's producing the video feed, and like even when I'm hard of hearing and have depth, like being able to see the captions is just valuable independently, but also like I'm looking at the screen and I'm seeing the captions as the close to, I guess there's some latency between

Speaker 1  51:34
the

Hunter (tinycloud)  51:35
exact caption time and the feet catching up, but

Fucory  51:38
yeah, I always wanted to see, like the captions, almost like this one,

Hunter (tinycloud)  51:44
it's like a story book load, right? like I can see, I can see you're telling the story, and it's, and it's like playing out,

James Barnes  51:52
yeah. Thankfully, that's a feature we will definitely make sure to keep on all the time at night,

Hunter (tinycloud)  52:00
that's a good feature, yeah. And also, request that we can just do some late night hang in this like same spot on some point, just hang out and talk to a theory, and have like absolutely have like storytelling time.

Fucory  52:11
Oh yeah, actually that's the thing. I don't know if this is actually a good cutie pie, but like I had a lot more fun, honestly, when there was like zero pressure on me that was just like in your office, just like kind of wanting to get here. I think I don't know if that's like useful user feedback that might not be here either, but I guess there's like there's like a type of person like who almost like wants like wants to just play with it. It's

James Barnes  52:46
a really fun toy

Albiona Hoti  52:48
your profile. I can see him joining the live stream, where everyone can just enable their mic and be like just seeing Ethereum on the live stream, and everyone is like participating, because that is like a very like isolated experience, but also with other people online.

Fucory  53:12
Yeah, maybe like I could see something where like a couple I'm thinking about our guests, I could see something where, like, you could almost, like, cheat, or maybe this would hurt the maybe this would hurt to have, like, organic nature of it, but, like, you could almost, like, cheat a little bit, like, go to all and be like, "Hey, here's like a cool way to use it, like we're gonna give you the money first, and like kind of like let all be like kind of prepare something that she's gonna do, and like maybe that like pick starts like a wave.

Albiona Hoti  54:00
I love the setting, by the way. I feel like you've done out, you're gonna need to be all day longstairs,

Fucory  54:09
you

Albiona Hoti  54:11
know, like for all the things that are

Fucory  54:14
just kind of like the casual, okay, okay, so I I was thinking about Ethereum last night, and I was so thinking about benchmarks about sniffers. So then I'm like, okay, how would I benchmark Ethereum? And have you ever heard of the song Mural by Lupe Fiasco? Okay, so Ural is a song by Lupe Fiasco that, like, he's like almost okay. So, Lupe Fiasco, the song, he's my favorite rapper of all time. And this song is like, it's very long, like I don't know how long, like 15 minutes long or something, and he's just rapping the entire time, and it's called Mural, because it's just like painting a picture the entire time with words, and when you listen to it the first time you listen to it, it almost sounds like it's like completely disjointed, like a mural, like it's like a bunch of pictures, and like it might not make sense how they relate, and they're just like coming at you really fast, and I don't think I don't even think models are even good enough to even do it yet, because they like wouldn't be able to keep up with his like pace of like painting history, but like, but like an entire time, like it's nothing, but like all his words are visual, so like if you could like play the song Mural, and like produce like a, like a, like a, like a high-quality video that's from any song, yeah, like it would be like a crazy venture, like just like the song, it's like we're all chemicals, vitamins and minerals, vitamin and near tube wrapped around the arm, see the vein like a chicken in the barn. Give another yarn that's a flying saucer cheese. There is a chicken parm, but roosters don't fly like boosters don't buy, like you can see how he's just like he's just doing images, and every single line is describing an image, which makes it like so perfect for Ethereum, that's why in theory of benchmark is like produce theory is so good as the models improve that you produce using video of this step one of a 16 of benchmark is if I watch the music video 50 times myself and then step two is yeah if I can imagine this becoming like, because there is no basic video for the song, but it's his most loved song. I could see this becoming like the most viewed video on YouTube, probably like my challenge to theory is like take my favorite song for my favorite artist and make the video I want to see, and just like the images, just like coming in and out in like this, like almost psychedelic way, as he's like dropping and describing what he's describing.

James Barnes  57:11
Yeah, challenge accepted.

Speaker 1  57:16
I want to wait for that single engine pump. think

James Barnes  57:28
you guys,

Albiona Hoti  57:42
okay, guys, I think today I stopped the word.

Speaker 2  57:58
Okay. Thank you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
