Speaker 1  1:59
I used their ones, and it was like Dufland High,

James Barnes  2:12
see if there's any more about distances.

Andrew Miller  3:52
Hey, Rajat, welcome,

we're on a new AV system, so do you mind keeping talking a little bit? I just want to make sure that it's getting sent out,

I Do you think you could keep chatting a bit, Rajat? Okay, I heard that a little bit. Keep talking.

James Barnes  5:21
Oh, sorry.

LSDan  5:40
Success.

Speaker 2  6:22
You

Andrew Miller  6:23
We have two hours for four project intros, so we should do the same, like 25 minute. Yeah, please.

Absolutely, it would be room for us to stomp over the yoga activity, so that's the

Kristel Alliksaar  6:42
let you know when the 10 minutes has passed, then you can start to back up next question.

James Barnes  6:53
I just say comments they have for their interest

shashank  7:00
by like I even every day, and the longer I listen, the dumper starts to forget a few steps ago, or it's recalling the same tool again and again, and this is basically not a model, the model is good, it's just a context problem over here. There's an example where someone's open by it, and they're supposed to just like the issues, did not delete the names, but it ended up deleting it before we dive in, let's just look at here what really it's content. So, context is basically everything that your agent sees before it helps, like all the inputs to the evidence. It can range from the context, like the system prompts, sold skills, tools, whatever you enable to the runtime things like that particular tool like words user message files and so all of this by trying to fit in a small business limited in space due to the physical constraints and what I got, let's see that email example, right, like an agent, like the user, as they categorize the emails and never delete them without the upload, and then the agent started calling the email tools, then the tool output started coming in as this conversation, when the student calls are happening, it just started to sit in the context window, and once the context window got full, it compacts, which might be lost, and some of the key concerns are lost in this process, and the emails are delivered. The problem is not in use. The model is done. The problem is just that the element order stops seeing the rule, and the goal basically does rule within the system. Let's give it a common fix of this problem. First, we already saw that it could be lost. Next, a bigger context window. It's just like I want 1 billion 2 billion, but generally the combinational constraints are quadratic as you increase the context in the size. After 200k tokens, you tend to be double the price on July or clock or valid for APIs, because some additionally be more expensive. It just Postpones the problem. The goal is to not just keep buying bigger suitcase elements, but to actually fit in between sliding window. This is a quality instructor from Google's agent and other places, but it's just like a nice Recency bias, the most recent messages are into the context window. Introducing it helps the users. The final one is, what if we just save everything in the markdown file? The problem is, it works. The team has to take care about the store again, retrieving it at the right moments, making sure the red fever is not really filling up with context, so none of this are really solving the critical problem, deciding what is context advantage to the current task and easier to do in both. So we built this indexer, which is a middleman between the agents and the elements, and the goal here is to make sure within the right context, the right agent, and this right steps. What we have today is basically those, like every episode, like we organize episodes. An episode is an agent. You ask your agent upon the tool outputs, get in recent phases. All of this is one episode, and these episodes are now hypothetically clustered into different candidates, like as you can see. Yeah, so you're downloading your web app, and you have like some tasks again, and as we see some of the tasks filling up the context window over the top, you start slowly moving them to the mindmap, and the Mindmap is just doing a hierarchy of clustering of these agent terms and categorizing it, so later at a step like you want to deploy to the save it now we retrieve whatever is the most relevant, which is from the project scaffolding, which happened in the first step, and add it like deterministically into the context window. So, how the retriever work is basically the two steps: one is the context time, where like you're sending your prompt will try to review the most relevant pieces and add it into the window to you. There's also a tool-based deeper research. How the agent knows this is the sub tree, which it has to act with, and you could literally do a deeper search and try to identify what the actual message is, if needed, and this would be happening from the agents runtime. So we released, like, the version one on april 8. So far in the last two-ish months, we saw 3800 clones on GitHub and 1800 npm download on our package, it's only a plugin on Open Cloud right now. We're using Open Cloud Service, trying to extend to homeless. We're also running like agent developer meetups for Open Cloud in six different cities, which my email is looking into, and so far we have more than 50 register like people attending our workshops. Well, so that's what we have today. And where we are going with this is like I want to scale this context window even bigger, like we are talking about edge devices. I'm not going to pay 120 $5 for cloud native subscription for like a million tokens, so it's going to be like really expensive, so we are trying to see if we can use the same models, which are available 1/10 or 100th surprise, and get a better performance by horizontal scaling. Can we increase the context window by actually doing a better task decomposition and composing them back? So, here there's an example where there's an agent runtime, which the user is talking to, and listen, the full context to the mindmap. Now we figure out how to decompose the task and what really are the context which is needed for that particular sub task and hand it over to that particular sub agent instead of giving them everything and then setting it back to the main agent, so the main agent's context window is always clear, less than 20 or 30% and the sub agents are actually doing the task, and while they're killed, we still have the traces of what they did in the main agents runtime. Yeah, so that's where I'm going towards. But then, while we were building this, we also figured out there's a real problem. Some of the people are really good at building their workflows, others are not. Like, I tried building my own printed workflow, but I really am bad at it. I like people, totally download the skills, download the skills, but it's not really helping me. I am not really good at taste in that front end design space. Rather, my teammate, who's a front end designer, is able to really get the right set of skills, experiment, and play around with it, that's his workflow, that's something he's doing it for professionally. So now I see the current workflow is like I'm using my agents, sending and off to me, I'm copy pasting it, sending it to my colleague, and then giving his Cloud Code agent the same prompt, which is running and getting back in response. Ideally, my agent should be just talking to his agent and just executing it on my, like, on our behalf. This is all the same internal company's accounts of, like, the subscriptions too. It makes no sense. So we're trying to see in the same scenario, why should it just be my sub agent when it could be someone else's main agent? it, I'm ant, different, Ms. Essen, WME, could be ants, Ed, E, W, E need to disclose it today, like you're building skills and collaborating, but it could just be that your workflow could be completely like private to you, and you're just allowing people to call a specific endpoint that you're exposing, so it, for example, here, if like this is just a demo pipe good it thing image, so you could see that if you're creating a YouTube video for a launch video for something, you could just call mr. Beast, like what is the optimal time to poster, and he has a lot of data, which he's collected over multiple years, and he's just trying to get their expertise on certain things. So, now what I wanted to experiment here is see if I can actually understand everyone's workflows here, and if I can make a collaboration possible amongst us on your specific workflows being helpful to others, so technically you're improving your own workflows, but while others are just getting the best out of what you could provide, and you're able to use others' workflows, or if you have connections with someone else who's using for deeply building their workflows for the multi-agent systems that would be really helpful to talk to them, or just drilling me on tech or GTM would be helpful. This is just a form which I kept here if you wanted to share your agents or like whatever workflows you have, so I want to just have a repository of what people are building, so I could connect them as per their needs. Yeah, so my goal here is to just give the right context to the right agent at the right time, while enabling the sovereignty for AI. Thank you. Okay, so what's the trust model of this first log? Do you represent an API service, and is it all open source? So, if you do a key version of it, if not that, if you have a privacy policy, um I, yeah, well, I find a version of this to the hackathon, which is like I want to keep the code open source, Philly, but you need some sort of post where you're actually routing and checking the permissions, I see it makes sense to do the access control for that particular router and cross model. Here, I'm just believing that the only concerns are like these are the possible attack vectors are prompt injections and personally identifiable information, so I want to have a PII rejecter. There's like a 1 billion parameter model by Open AI, which was released, so running that and only another LLM call to just see if it's actually relevant to the service that person offering, yeah, so it would

Andrew Miller  19:50
be, but you would like strip the PII, okay? I'm just having to use Swift PII, or it reaches your system, or reaches your host code system,

shashank  20:00
like ideally want to do it locally, but that could mean I'm assuming everyone is running this 1 billion model. It might just be once it reaches the system, it could be both the places too, and I could definitely run it inside the it's just 1 billion.

James Barnes  20:30
It's the workflow here that I'm like working on something, and maybe in like, like it's an NCP or something, it has like a bunch of skills, or like it has kind of a meta skill that's like, hey, there many skills here that you can potentially make use of,

shashank  20:52
yeah, like, so I think today's skills are like basically a prompt, like maybe using a different model, different tool, so it would just be like I approve certain tools or skills to be used, and then you're like, whenever there's a call, say for printing, I'm just trying to call this particular tool would be from your model standpoint, or like, I mean, also exploring if I can do it with sub agents directly, so you'll just create a new sub agent, which could just be fight and forget, or wait for itself with that,

Speaker 2  21:42
so The

shashank  21:47
sub agents architecture on OPENCLAW is really not there yet, and Hermes is even backward, like they only allow five and forget today on openclaw, which means I can't really wait for the response back from this available, like we, we have an open PR on the repo, we're just getting some feedback, and hopefully, if that's merged, then I can do it fully into it.

James Barnes  22:25
It would be really neat to have, like, a director of skills here that they could all,

shashank  22:31
yeah, like I'm thinking of just starting with few workflows who are willing to share, and then it could grow, because it also means that there's a lot of feedback loop, which has to go to that person's workflow to keep improving it. Charlie, it's just meant for the personal use today, and there's an assumption made that these are running on a remote server, which I'm not really sure if everyone is running their best workflows on a remote machine. Here

Andrew Miller  23:15
are there like benchmark data sets, or like, how do you do, I guess, evaluation of this, like, how well it's doing, like, how frequently do you have to modify,

shashank  23:30
like, I think if you're offering a service as directly no benchmark, but you could take the traces and create its own like evolves where it's failing, and then you look at the failure cases and try to extrapolate them to make sure if it's a different, if a different prompt is working better, but it would be very use case specific for sub agents itself, I don't see any data yet. Fully people are to collect data to know if sub agents as an architecture is outperforming single agent systems, memory and context. There are some benchmarks, but they're only focusing on retriever, but not really relevancy to that question today.

Yes, right. Also, open stock or story that

Speaker 2  25:02
there's differently

shashank  25:11
between illustrating files and all of his accounts are owned by you.

Dmarz  25:18
Yeah,

shashank  25:18
so if it works in those cases, with what if I just want to use one of your work

LSDan  25:25
field,

shashank  25:27
it's a different use case than you shared. So here, the trust companies are different. They are, you trust all the systems that you want. You might not really trust my query studio. and you're just exposing one or two services, which things are really good for agent. Yeah, different runtimes, yeah.

Speaker 2  26:21
Both I

prakhar  26:57
Chapel when the mic hurt

my

team of two people that are building Conclave so amazing or like summarize it in two lines, it's the most cohort programs actually developed on this big company suit, and found out that actually is going to share updates, but but most of the useful evidence that partialized in your blog, so let's say your clocks or transcriptions or disco chats and everything, but you wouldn't want any organizer to actually see to it, and if you're like running a coding agent, you have to make sure, like any other agent, you have to make sure that they don't repeat that sensitive information anywhere. So that's where Conclave jumps in. Basically, it's constantly running agent that takes all the data, puts it into a D, and tries to derive these mains from signals, whichever you require for your program, or whichever the cohort organizer is required. And basically, this wouldn't just be like a dashboard, which already exists. There are like four or five dashboards to manage cohorts, and this isn't dead. It's, it's an agent that lives inside the participants' local devices, as well as they give like signals to the cohort organizers, whosoever they are. And the easiest way to think about it is like a confidential layer for the cohort, so we let's say, like the example of this cohort itself, we already have like a topic layer, which have shows my stones and team context, and the way Conclave would work is it adds the part that normally cannot be accessed like safely, so in case you're using some particular coding agent, a lot, and you're constantly introducing logs that are useful, but you can't keep track of, let's say, those are like idea pivots, or maybe you've solved this particular issue that you've been running into, and you don't want to summarize it later, or don't want to go into the task of it, or don't remember it, and at the end of the week, you want to find out what useful work your day, so complicated lets you do that, and this, like, just one example that can obviously be done manually, unless there's the signal production. So, let's say I'm working on something, I'm mostly working on printing stuff, but I'm focusing much on the product marketing side, so companies can look into the logs and data and understand what's going on, and then maybe produce signals like tell the organizers and coordinators that, hey, we need to host like a workshop that tells people how to go to market or find the right audience, so that's a basic idea, and for the first bench that are talking into, is like I'm pretty sure everyone else have like an interview with Noah right now, that's a private interview that happens like a one on one, and he's sorting all the information privately, we can share it quickly with the test, so what we can do with concrete is like run a pipeline where instead of him going through everything like manually and understanding and labeling the agent by and you know label them so you can have like personality traits where you know what do the person particularly think of is he more of a builder or extreme mode into marketing, and so on, and so forth. So this particular like interview itself will be hosted every week, so we kind of already have like a feedback loop, which is great for longer itself, and that's a basic idea for the for like the first use case. Moving on, I wanted to like give you like a journey or a history where we're there before like choosing consideration for the go ahead itself, we built kind of like a POC using the NDI papers, but we implemented two features: one was the habitat novelty and the second thing was data procurement, so if you go through the AI paper, it basically gives you an overview how GES agents and strategies can negotiate over some sort of value. Data procurement is kind of like an obvious choice there, so you could have like a data marketplace where agents are negotiating to buy and sell data for the thing is that because Habiton novelty has kind of like a very basic idea, because the moment you hear something, so I've unlike an active Habiton participant, and I usually don't post my ideas on like this, because I was a telegraph, because I'm more afraid of taking it, especially since we don't have any

ideas of what sounds out, because if anyone has that idea, we can just put it out using a coding agent, so what's what these standard needs to be predicted to, so build the hackathon novelty thing initially with just a novelty score, but after like the call with Andrew and now if we realize that this could be like something good that we're sitting on, and so we fine-tune it further for the products in frontier rockathon and produce this platform, so people can actually like create this secure entry as an organizer, and that obviously that's how I do it. Let me show you,

yeah. So, as an organizer, this is kind of like a dashboard, and let's say this is the frontier hackathon that you're hosting, so you get clusters like which, how many projects are coinciding on which particular track. How much action is anything getting? And other reviews, like, are their ideas novel? Are they aligning with whatever tracks you actually created? Or so a project can be novel, but it won't align with whatever track you fall. Let's say someone comes up with a very good DeFi idea, where everything is agented, so yeah, evaluate that too. This is kind of what scoring you see from an organizer's perspective, and from a participant perspective, you get other scores like what's your knowledge for, where what's the best way for you, and so on and so forth, and there's also this Summarization to understand where the project might be leading on them and what might be best for it.

Yes, that's the novelty idea that we created, like an MVP, to understand how things work, but the most important thing is that people, it's like a majority of the people don't care if their idea gets fleek, so it's kind of a good POC, but the good thing is after that we reached out to a few teams, and which is like reached out to the air, which most had a thought very frequently, and they gave a positive response. We reached out to people at Super T that Solana, they were positive about the idea, and I talked to this person that was in charge of the protocol cohorts, which is kind of like similar to what we are doing, which is a two month cohort virtually, which gives around $20,000 based on whatever milestones we're heading, and he also identified some issues where, like, there is this duplicacy, you know, in the cohort itself, or this flash, and the feature for hackathons, people don't care about duplicacy, because I mean, they just want to impress their sponsors, but in case of a cohort where real money is involved and people are looking to invest, I think it matters a lot that you know same ideas that are getting created, and one more thing that happens is that a project needs to do something in the first week, but at the end of that cohort they end up getting the same signal that already exists but in different ways, and so the this plan has to be identified before it gets into like the final week, so something like Conclave can actually solve this by having like a pipeline that is constantly tracking, so a feedback view for every week, let's say if you keep publishing your weekly goals, and so on and so forth, so it could keep tracking whether the teams are doing well, are they actually like, you know, fixing their weekly works, and like a lot of that. The most important part about the transboundary is that some things, I mean, everybody's fine with favoring the organizers and the cohort, you know, members, but some things happen to be private. Let's say the most niche example I think of is that let's say you're having like a disagreement between your own team and you don't want to maybe raise a flag directly, so you could have constantly use this signal to the coordinators that, hey, maybe, maybe this, maybe the teams, maybe like a mediator, and not a particular team, but in general, maybe there's like a, you know, there's a scare where they need to talk more or focus on some other thing that they want to focus on, and yeah, that's that's an basic idea, and so right now for the shared growth data, we thought that this would be clocked out since everybody's like already building to include privacy and you know focus on it. We already have like a lot of raw data that includes the workshop project that responsibly running and creating transcriptions, we have now sender views, and in the future we'll have a few more things, so we could use that for data to actually give you guys more insight into maybe if not your project metrics, maybe more into a personality metrics, and where you might want to look into which focus you might want to go into, and so on and so forth, and yeah, that's it. So, for the next few weeks, our main focus could be like talking to you guys, understanding what the influence you might feel and what you might be comfortable giving information to the public as compared to what information you might keep private to yourself, but want someone to take action on it, you know, keep on wishing, maybe, maybe we have a workshop that can help us identify the market fit, but we don't want you to be this open information that, okay, I think a product is like good tech wise, but we don't see a market for it, so the quality just can get signals like, oh, we do have some marketing person or the marketing workshop that might be able to solve this issue, and yeah, that's basically it. So, for the next few weeks, if you didn't take more for the cohort, having feedback loop reaching out to everyone and trying to figure out what works for you, whether you're more interested into creating or getting more metrics or project as well as yourself.

Andrew Miller  38:38
What are some of the challenges you encountered? If I understand the just thinking about the architecture, there's almost two main components, so like mechanics and the TE version go through it, and then there's probably the prompting quality, like I assume you saw level M passes of evaluation that are making those judgments, so I imagine it's pretty sensitive to what goes into those prompts,

prakhar  39:01
so it's not all prompting. Basically, it's a combination of Deterministic layers, so we have some clustering algorithms that are fully deterministic, so it's not just, you know, an inference that is going over every data. We keep on having, like, this in creative group that is going on and definitely works well, and then there are like agent declares, so the main product that right now I keep on getting at is, how do we make sure that the pipeline that is taking information on the week seven can make sure whatever happened on the week one is maintained in the memory, so I think, like, I just saw his presentation got in context, so maybe we can look into it and see how, if this is like a context problem, maybe we can solve it using his project, but that's that for me to think, so once the longer we keep, like, a, you know, the co-host, the more I have to focus on how the pipeline would work and not break,

Dmarz  40:16
so you said, well, there's a bunch of ideas for how we can use it, right? What's, what's the.. I think we see like the highest impact, easiest wood thing

Speaker 2  40:30
that integrated.

prakhar  40:33
I mean, the easiest thing would be able to identify for the projects itself, whether they're going the right question or not. So, for quadrators, see you guys a duration. Something like this product has been focusing more on building stuff for the past five weeks, as we can see from the plot logs, and maybe they need help with, you know, marketing, or maybe you need to reach out to them, or host in general, tell them that, okay, focus on marketing, or you found this particular audience, or you can connect you to this particular person, so that particular signal going from like sensitive data to quality data is where I see the most thing, because in a cohort in accelerator, I don't think like many people care about the sharing with each other, as somebody what they shared with the poor editor?

Dmarz  41:24
Yeah, I see. Yeah, totally clear.

What do you see? Is there anything like in time here about this week, like you're experiencing this

prakhar  41:39
office, but you know, be campaigning a actually, but I mean, I've been talking to Norman, and I have, like, kind of this idea where we could fit the personal interviews that are going on and produce more convergence on things, so I'm not sure how what questions were asked by other people, but let's say if people are, or what is saying people are builders, maybe the person interview is going to reveal that, that how most people think, and then I can produce some sort of metric that would be that would give novel an idea of what you ask you guys, or what questions to ask for the next one? I mean, that's how I can take off for the first week.

Dmarz  42:25
And then last question is like, and you thought much at all about, or you have any thoughts what this would look like as a product or like a business.

Speaker 2  42:42
Sorry,

Dmarz  42:44
yeah, exactly. Like this is being more of like a SAS product, like something like data layer, like a host of data layer. People plug into data plus, like more then this could be more of like a social model, or more like open source software added medium. Are added,

prakhar  43:03
so I think it makes more sense to be kind of like a fast thing. So the problem with gathering information is that it has to be randomly for them, so in case even if I create like a POC writer, it would have activated enforced by whatever party is in those again, so the best thing would be that whatever extended mission is hosting, let's say it's E 16 generator, and reach out to them, they should be the one that are like making sure that you know everyone is incurred in this product, so positioning ourselves as kind of like a SAS is little better thing regarding, like, how would we generalize it? So, the current issue is that whatever we build for the cohort will be very specific, you know. I'm pretty sure that no, the cohort would be doing what we are doing right now. So, once this feedback loop is done, and once I realize what pain points are more generalized as compared to specific, I can make the product more generalized, so it could be sold to some other particular cohort, or it can be used by some other cohort by a future again, as compared to like a full on in a specification.

James Barnes  44:17
How quick do you imagine feedback loops are, I think, some of the busy that spending five weeks during this other times after five hours might be about,

prakhar  44:38
so I think for this we'll have to be like multiple pipelines, one would be, let's say, if we do whatever now it is doing the cycle event weekly, but then for regarding like producing signals or tracking, we'll have to keep it maybe like a day, so at the end of the day that data developments and ask whosoever the participant is that through your call codes clock logs, we found out that maybe you stuck out this issue for some time, or you've been researching a lot into this particular thing, but we could not reach type of confusion. We want this thing to go to the coordinators, and then the participant can say yes or no, or maybe modify whatever goes in, but so there would be a different, what do you say, sharing setup heat going on in Padlet?

James Barnes  45:27
You think the coordinates are like necessary

obstacles, like, so they're they're like way fewer ordinators than there are people, and so perhaps right, like the nation could be able to observe something that they can provide feedback on quickly without the coordinator. Oh

prakhar  45:56
yeah, that's that's the general idea. I mean, the cohort, that's this like a cohort of I think 16 teams and some cohorts have like more teams, so I think it's easier to have like a like decision go through a first pass and give flags. You think this year we have is kind of like a general dependency and modeling for everyone, and then they could have a look into it, and if they get the time they can do other issues, but this would be like a first pass, it's more suggestive as compared to pushing,

gonzo  46:33
so there's a world where you fit, I saw like the last slide, where maybe just space that you bring in people into will be more of an indicator that open space, like I'm wondering, is there a way that we could get tested, and yeah, I can't give me test days. Like, is it better for that on the bigger team, emotionality?

prakhar  47:08
I said, like, right now

gonzo  47:10
wanted to start testing this product. The next steps,

prakhar  47:17
I think, like, since we don't care about the novelty thing and everything, so with whatever team size we have, it's, it's not a problem, it's the more number is usually beneficial when you're trying to compare things that are, you know, maybe your similarity score or something, that's when more, more numbers are beneficial, but for now, if you're producing signals, then you need to coordinate us as compared to each other, the team size of that much

gonzo  47:53
about like 10 years ago, when it likes to keep up, it was listening to everything you're saying you that compared to like today, where people are just like still being reported,

Speaker 2  48:12
like

gonzo  48:15
just curious to there's like this whole privacy situation of being recorded and having like sensitive data sit around for like a long time, and if it's not like it's a pain point that we pack to a file, just interested in resurfacing right now with a lot of schools at just wondering if there's things that we can borrow from that people were starting to adopt patterns, it does a

prakhar  49:01
good it tells a little bit. I'll have to, I think, research more into it to understand how to answer that better.

gonzo  49:10
Like 10 years ago, the thing with listening to everything you were saying, people were like, I think now they finally understand, like what's happening to follow that figures, like in a way people didn't care about that end up, so if that's where I'm interested, where's the user of this?

prakhar  49:41
Oh, so do people care about privacy right now?

gonzo  49:45
I know they do. They definitely do, right?

prakhar  49:47
Yeah, but I think the like one problem that I was actually discussing for yesterday was that privacy is kind of like what do you say, second most important, third most important, or less what people are like, so they say genetic workflow works, and that's good data for me. And then there's like the subset of them, they're like, "Oh, is it is it private? It's not data description. So the first thing, it's not like compulsory that you know they have to get over privacy, but since we have the organic workflow running and it's private, it would be like a good to have, that's that's what I think,

Kristel Alliksaar  50:26
maybe ad actually thought that the last company where I was working, then I tried to feel a bit like think of this, and then also I implemented this firing the meetings and stuff like this, but then the next problem, exactly what I saw, was that people started to freeze, you know, because, like, can I be sure that this landscape later somehow won't leave somewhere, so like, if we could really show to the people that anything that goes there is that speech, we will be taking out only for the purposes only. This, I think, the people will have this. You know, you can go to the meeting and previously still as you won't liberate everything. Like,

prakhar  51:21
yeah, I mean, so I already have the code open source, and since the main back end, which is responsible for everything, is Phala, so people can just donate and make sure that whatever the Phala ashes actually matches with protocol and open ashes, and since as somebody like previously, now everyone is like kind of, you know, our chargeability, anyways, look into GitHub and everything, so they can just send it, you know, the particular data, ask it that they do what it claims to do, and they just have like verification,

Kristel Alliksaar  51:57
this is something that probably for us it would make sense, but if like they would like to see like something, I'm not, I'm not sure what it would be here to like if you could solve this also to give the certainty that

prakhar  52:17
How do you explain to an alanca if you got something good,

James Barnes  52:24
exactly,

prakhar  52:24
because, but then it's just a hash, right? One thing would be you get like a third party verification that they trust, but that's that's just making it centralized, so let's say I can listen to that thing, and then I try to convince, like, a non-technical user that whatever data, whatever interview is going on, is actually going to be private. How do we prove it to them that experiment without them being technical?

Kristel Alliksaar  52:53
Or, you know, maybe you just need to go into the company, and you know, give this always lessons for a week,

Speaker 3  53:02
how sort

LSDan  53:13
of like, like thinking of like journalists off the record, some sort of speech conversation that they're having aspiration continues, but it would be a signal deeper processing to stop what they say on

James Barnes  53:30
the record. Yeah,

Dmarz  53:32
yeah, so I love that. I started, I love that idea, and I'd also been thinking in this way as well, because we've been having like box term, you know, on the raft, but I know at one point we had it on an audit story, just 24/7 and like Casey, people were like, like, what you're recording me, and like, you know, we at least very agree, so this idea keeps kind of like, okay, also like some type of story that like a very concise story you can say where it's like we're also running the you know there's like a packed version but kind of like run an LLM that for example like scrubs anything that's even remotely looks like like yeah the personal mission, or you know, whether they mentions on that, then you say it in a while sentence, right? Like, oh, by the way, we got like this cutting

edge filter that's fair segments to use some photos,

gonzo  54:36
yeah, exactly, or even like more like defining where it's flowing, but this conversation's about design, or this conversation's about this, and now it's like these commands, like at least boxes,

fucory  55:03
saying what

Speaker 2  55:04
I want to include

Speaker 1  55:04
instead of

LSDan  55:05
having to remember to actually feel sick or natural to be right, but

gonzo  55:12
sometimes you need that exterior.

James Barnes  55:16
Yeah, so makes sense with any value that exchange, right? Like it all comes back to like I'm going to take more risks to become more exposed, or like something just a little bit more uncertain if the like potential payoff is higher, and also you know by a trust process that's creating that payoff, and so like like if I knew they like an agent inside, like you know, you can spend $100,000 on your secret token, so you just combine all of the collective digital exhaust that had been involved with our lives, and you know, it would just come out with this like incredible, like incredible, like artifacts that the guy installed for success, and you know there would be no like folks in the tongue, for example, that might actually reveal information that might not be apparent at the outset. Did you risky like that would be one thing I think like more clarity on like kind of exactly what the payoff is and exactly like you know is

Speaker 2  56:30
it like is it

James Barnes  56:30
like okay we're all gonna agree on this it's gonna process all this information and we know that prompt is right because it's open source inside the tdt we all have decided that you have, like, comfort that level, like that's where I'm kind of planning. If I knew that there was, like, kind of on the topic of, like, conditional recall over, you know, knowing, okay, here's a black box, you can send, like, whatever information you want into that box, you understand, like, in the most extreme cases, in example, it could just return a binary that's equal to shift, okay. Now I go, because that the because open source, and because like I can see inside of the TV access station, you just speaking to the people from beyond what general items like that there was like some contract which made everyone that like this, all this thing is capable of when you go sort of like you're not getting into situations, an example where like, okay, well, now the coordinator, like chat, has this like development screen, or even like mediated access to the sufficient, like being able to scope that stuff is challenging, I think. If it already was being boiled down into like age history, like everybody's aligned, that might feel more attractive than kind of the thing, the more place-like. How is everyone feeling like they walk up? If indeed the task is to be like kind of thing that you think that you have a bunch of thoughts that I want to know what's going to happen.

Andrew Miller  58:23
I see,

prakhar  58:26
so whether like signing up for something, they need to be made aware of all the data we processed, and so on and so forth. But it does like be some sort of terms and conditions,

James Barnes  58:35
somewhat

prakhar  58:36
something like terms and conditions, data.

James Barnes  58:38
Okay, so here's like an example, let's let's let's assume that we wrote a prompt that said okay each week there's going to be one person in this field work based off of all the information that goes into the black box which in this case it's like we're going to be as exhausted as possible and that person is like the rock star so that person is going to be like celebrated by everyone, you're going to get, you know, a free dinner, maybe they, who knows, you know, we just say, okay, this person is the dopas curse this week, so in that case, you know, like you can write a problem, it's like, okay, go through all of this information, but find the person who's really not above reality, they solve a problem that they sound like stretching their VCOs or something like this, and at the end you know all you can do is just say, okay, here's the person, he gets the person delete, and here's a paragraph, describe what, and that's because we trust the attestation, we know that this could go this running tests with how this right, so anything that I took into this box of that, so those kind of contracts of like this is all this is capable of that allow us to, I think, accomplish like really cool stuff, like being able to be in the room with the FB team to figure out who showed up the most without being like super like worried that like all of the information that's getting in here could be like used ultimately in ways that like we don't understand

prakhar  1:00:15
a good thing I think once we have like the whole tank right figure maintain this sort of identity for particular things, so let's say for a person, how much they're partridging, how much you spend on this particular thing, how much time do they maybe host interviews, talk to other people, and so on, and then there's other identities for projects and everything, and then we could have like an elevated access to even one of the body details, and then we could verify whatever, so once it's been recorded, we can also specify whatever elevated access someone might have. They still have some sort of darker is there, so even if they have, you know, the access to ask information about you, they can't like directly ask, so what has the what has been doing for the last eight hours, but that's kind of person, but then they could ask some general information, like, oh, has it been like working a lot, and just the agent can respond in kind of, like, you know, a manner, which wouldn't put them in like a very awkward position.

Kristel Alliksaar  1:01:25
It seems like it's a policy issue at the end of the day. Like, how do you want to configure your policies? What is okay to ask them? What is it within the system? We are agreed here in this room, basically

Andrew Miller  1:01:40
the problem of taste

James Barnes  1:01:46
something might be problem, which for

prakhar  1:01:53
me signing up to like we'll have to make sure whatever you agree to, and we want to keep direct information whenever that's time to implement it, so maybe like when I go through and talk to everyone, but implementing this, I can ask them whether you're fine with putting this particular information or not, and whether you want to be used this way, and then a policy can be made for a particular person, so it's not like a generalized thing, that's that's a really good idea. We do have a recording of this.

LSDan  1:02:27
Thank you.

Andrew Miller  1:02:42
Bye. I'm going to go next to present the router project, although I'm presenting it. This was basically emerged several months ago after a conversation sequence of conversations with me and Shin and James, and really James kind of put the whole project form factor this together, and we then started using it internally with the other things the teleport teams to doing that Shin Ford presented on two days ago, and so I'll say more about how that fits in. We'll come up again a little bit later. And now, Southern Florida has started to take on more of the development of this. There's one instance that's this public one. We've been making a shape rotators one as well, and this rhymes very heavily with both of the previous projects, as well as well as relates a lot to a tiny cloud, at least, so to describe it in terms of problems that it solved, personal problems I've experienced that this solves. I'm someone basically came up on Twitter. I owe, like, a ton of the opportunities, like my getting kick started in cryptocurrency research came from, like, a professor at Princeton making a tweet that's like, I'm going to try to do something completely different, I'm going to convene a survey paper, but not with my grad students, anyone who shows up on the internet. So we advertised that on Twitter. We started collaborating, that was like a pivotal opportunity from my career that I only found through Twitter, I have 20,000 followers on Twitter, which is like a pretty good sweet spot, like I get some interaction on most of my leads that I do. So, for a long time, I would spend a ton of time posting on Twitter, and we just benefit a ton from random actions that you see from that. And in the past couple of years, I've retreated off of Twitter. I don't post very much anymore, because I'm spending all of my time in my three to six blog code tabs, and that's a huge problem in missing out on this, you know, it's not exactly social parasocial anyway, but it's like a very important form of parasocial connection, also relates to the work you in public idea, if you do code any public, you pick up all sorts of surprise collaborations and new ideas, and once that feeds into my quadcode per new rules, I'm missing out on that, and so the first problem that this solves is basically harvesting the exhaust, the way James puts it, from my quadcode, I'm now turning it into posts and recapturing some of the serendipity effect I mentioned that we're now using this in our teleport team, and so we have this kind of interesting team topology where we basically have a Chinese half and a western half, and we're separated by miscommunication changes, so Jen and seven basically manage this team of designers and app developers and back-end developer in China, and they communicate mostly over Blark in Chinese language, and Christian and seven are bilingual, so they're in both. We also have a Telegram group chat that's Flash Bot x4 and that's where all of the marketing and TE infra discussion takes place in English, and those are both our respective team comfort zones, and you know, could rely on the handful of bilingual - those are the only two bilingual, you know, actively bilingual on the team, so that would be hopeless for trying to do that, so we really need these effective rally of information appropriately, so I'll show you what this tool does in a second, and using it to bridge that gap to varying success. The last problem that this solves is just like I now appreciate the importance of human water coolers, or people who act as health connections. My exemplar for this is Tita, who you'll get to meet later tonight or tomorrow. She's been my entrepreneurship mentor since I dropped out of university to work on TV-based with Chevy, and the mode at which she works. She's like your most effective human router that anyone who knows her has seen, although you see facets of other people doing this well, it's like this is someone who makes it their job to pick up context about everyone that they can in their orbit, often through just like very effective prompting, so interesting information out of someone who might be shy or otherwise not bring it to the surface for someone to be effective at that, they have to have a whole lot of trust first, that they will backstab you, or you know that you're benefiting by providing your context into this unit water cooler system, and also that, of course, your time, that you know the routing of the effective, and so people who do this really well are, you know, extremely important to effectiveness of groups of people of populations overall, but that's a really difficult job. It's not something that AIS are currently doing well yet, so that's kind of a model of what we want to try to build tools to do. We'll just like make more of the human corner in that effect, so this router product works is it's an MCP server for rallying. Well, I will finish this sentence for maybe for validate contribution to that. So I got stuck in sparkling connection, so it's three parts, as I'll describe it. So it's an MCP server that is ambiently turning my flawed interactions into posts. The posts go to a couple of different scoped things, like the shape rotator one, will be available to everyone in this cohort. We also have a public one, actually show these. This is what the public one on router dot teleport dot computer looks like. I scrolled around one of the most interesting we get from outside of our community. This doesn't have a whole lot of traffic. You can get to the link from my Twitter. We shared it with all of our friends. This is a guy from this broader Telegram community that I invited. We haven't worked together. He didn't show up at a pirate ship. I saw him on other Telegraph channels and invited him in, just because he has the most highest perplexity language. Like, I love the way that seems very unique, and haven't seen any property. You're like that elsewhere, so I'm a huge fan of his posts, but he's also a bit of a loner, and this has expressed a desire to be connected with other builders, I think he's based in Turkey, but doesn't have funds or whatever reason to travel a ton, and so I get kind of a more connected, I get to know bits about what he's doing on Plot Code, and he seems pretty happy about the output that he posted here as a result of it. This is the bilingual Feedling to team app, or you know, website view of the app that we use, and this isn't ready yet, so I should show the URL. This will be the Shaper data cohort scoped instance that we can claim it later. What makes this work really well is entirely something that James came up with, and I was completely surprised that I guess you had tried this was the thing that you had tried at on what was the thing you had tried it on at the Anthropic. Yes, they like when they launched NCP, they hosted a three hour ADA, two years ago nearly, and that was a crazy concept, like basically I like made a project that said like a little NCP tool that just published memories of my conversations through Google Doc, that Google Doc is in the context of the project free really like good memory was astonished as you were the clip it was just like right, so this is the magic. This is the tool description of the router write-in tool that you get from the router MCP server, and we'll just later here to practice things. It's like a super clever tool. So, first of all, it's on a dynamic tool description, so everyone gets their own version of the tool description, but it says what the structure is. So, your identity and description about how to use it is pre-appended to the everyone gets the same portion. The body is basically some guidance on what to write. There's also the Appended dynamic context, which is now outer reading, so it basically injects into the tool description of the right tool, a summary of the other stuff that, or that might be a selection that might be relevant to you, of what other people have posted on this tool at other times, including who I follow, or terrible side, so the effect that this has, I guess, not depicted here, but also what goes along with this is putting it works very well if you put into your Pythte, I think the website setting up guides you to do this to say by like using the router write entry tool pretty frequently, because that's an effective place for me to put stuff that I'm working on, and basically the effect of this is that it's very ambient, like I don't have to think all of the time about when to post this, it's things for me to post, I get to see, yeah, go ahead,

Speaker 4  1:12:16
you need to think about the time

Andrew Miller  1:12:22
on I said my thing about Gokhan, just to explain, like the role that having this in a TE place is we're doing fancy things with the tool description, so it's really important that you're no, you're not getting like high attack by malicious tool descriptions, so using a remote MCP service for this that's important for that I mentioned, like a team or a cohort scoped thing, so this would also be how we can prove that we're respecting the routing policy accordingly. There's several other integrations that it has, like a daily digest sent by email, so that's another good way to see it. I'll skip some comments about this, like, you know, research vision, because they think also kind of similar things about the importance of this, like the world of working in public is really threatened by the model companies so effectively swallowing up all of the value of anything that you put there, and obviously you can just have the Olympic model company has everything, and if they're a benevolent dictator, then you know that's great, that's a terrible, unsustainable thing to be, and if we just retreat into our local models and keep everything isolated, then we're not getting any of the realized value that you get by adding on that you get by merging and aggregating your information together and routing it where it needs to be done appropriately, so the premise is that we should be able to use PE and smart right at inference processing of data contributed by any distrusting parties to really get that effect that you want from like a reliable, trustworthy human water cooler, like the information arrives in places where it benefits both of the people whose information is involved in it without harming them both, and without just ripping it off and stealing all of the fit together. I'll try to do my ideal customer profile exercise, although I just harder quilting this have to do more exercise planning, but that's what I'm hoping to get out of this covert, is where practice and understanding of how to approach this kind of thing, but so the existing groups who I think have need for this, I think it would be fragmented, partially, you know, remote first, and possibly fragmented by different clicks on teams that realize that they are having fragmentation with their, you know, that realize that they're missing information and actions even within the same company or team, I guess you know, building on this, like, you know what I really excited about is, you know, corporations is, I think, the legacy concept we need, like, more optimistic or interesting vision about how Cubans are going to compose effectively together in the AI future, so corporations, if you can do all of the coordination that normally requires the CEO to just be the absorber of all of the information and dispatch accordingly. So, if we can replace the need for that, much like a cohort of a bunch of independent teams and projects might figure out how to work effectively together without all ripping each other off. This could be a form of labor organization. This is a unique thought that, like, you need rather to do. I think it's kind of the vision that we've all expressed in different ways, which I guess has also been, you know, what's the business form of this? I don't know, it's everyone else's data that is taking the value out of this. So the structure that everyone is secret burdens devout and to the people who contributed their data, so ideally this would all be open source and becomes a network good, or maybe the real challenge in the art of this, as I indicated, like the prompting quality and what goes into the tool description really shapes everything, and you know James has basically been experimenting with all these different, you know, nuanced variations of like what makes a good digest, what makes a good suggestion of people to talk together. There is no like one mechanism that just does this, so maybe there's some, you know, alpha that people can keep proprietary in some way about like a very effective water cooler value prompt that people might develop, giving an answer of like, where there might be places in a system like this to retain some value that could be, you know, captured or negotiated hot water going. I'm just spiraling out with the slide. This was my last slides video, which pause today to see where it's used.

shashank  1:16:43
Just

Andrew Miller  1:16:44
a handwritten post,

shashank  1:16:47
did you see any demands from other startups, or like,

Andrew Miller  1:16:56
are you using it regularly more often? And what problems does it fix? I use this all of the time, and it solves the problem of I'm not really sure quickly on the site log. I kind of like logging into the Lark, so I'm only sure what Seven Steam is doing on my weekly updates and stuff, but then it's filtered through Seven, or I can go look at the Lark and see it. So this is now the best way that I did is on what the Sweet Lady is doing. and then I also use the public version of this too. The most interesting story about the public version is I had posts that went here when I was first experimenting with the Matrix server on DStack, so those books started to get to that public thing, and then I don't know whether James like tipped off someone in Elementor, it was just like a guy who works that element, I connected you're connected, okay? You introduced it or pointed it to it, okay. Well, that's a cubed router, organic, that's happened. Well, let me get familiarized. He didn't have to go ask me what I'm doing. He got you, just showed him the thing he got to see my letters

shashank  1:18:10
together, and so he, we were checking your website, the teleporter thing over there.

Speaker 2  1:18:18
Yeah, I

shashank  1:18:20
think you shared it with me the day before, and I used it, and I showed,

Andrew Miller  1:18:23
okay, well, but I didn't tell you anything about maintenance, so we didn't talk about matrix. Yeah, so you would only know, yeah, I was doing by going at it that you showed here, and then you know about how element server street works. Yeah, there's a yeah, monitor was Hunter, was like installing the electric sheet on this machine, it's a whole generative art algorithm, and he had the router installed, and I solve it, but I know

James Barnes  1:19:00
we already created it like Hunter's never gonna like message me and be like you, maybe interested in budget shape. Do you know the guy? Nope, you know, but it's just like those and the connections. One of the things I'm most excited about is that it's basically every time you write just a notebook, you also then search it and follow up the information from the notebook, because you're sharing that into your context, and so think some of the changes that we're working on team right now were to like basically really make that process super super great, so it's like if I blocked on something, you know, it's like, oh, actually, somebody was like working on something similar this yesterday. You should talk to them, versus if I just like done something really interesting, maybe there's somebody else who was walking on them the day before, and so that couldn't be returned back with my context. And so, ideally, you shouldn't have to visit the notebook interface at all should just be kind of in the context of your code engagement, and so you have this like ability to connect with all these people and your community problems is the chat that you're having with leadership, so it becomes this more social experience

LSDan  1:20:17
you should go with the agent, like you know, in real time, as you're doing something, said, "Hey, have you thought to reach out to Andrew?

James Barnes  1:20:26
That's exactly the question. Yeah,

Kristel Alliksaar  1:20:28
so those who want what I had in mind was, as a use case, for example, let's take the community, maybe we have someone like chats on somewhere else, maybe this side of the firm, and maybe somewhere another, and it could be, for example, share the context within these chats. If you contribute, then you get access to this actual storage, so basically like it's throwing the kind of tool.

Andrew Miller  1:21:08
Yeah, you put in more information, and then it maybe rewards you by following more higher volume,

like something.

Speaker 2  1:21:21
Yeah,

fucory  1:21:22
just like, is this helpful for every chat? What I would almost rather do is like when I get to the end of the day, almost also display run like a one time thing to read every blogs chat that I did for the past like 12 hours go in a

Andrew Miller  1:22:00
batch review rather than like in line in a session.

fucory  1:22:03
Yeah, yeah, because I think it would, I think that would help for me specifically, just because, like, a lot of context might be expedient over a lot of context windows. I think it could, like, come up with better, better things to share.

Speaker 2  1:22:22
There's an issue. yeah,

Andrew Miller  1:22:26
I just get that lot of deep thing, that's kind of the mode that is like pellets, I find myself doing this while we're written between a bunch of different YouTube version stuff, I think, though, with that,

fucory  1:22:38
like I'm on that

Andrew Miller  1:22:45
deeply achieved has is basically you have to do it explicitly, so you have to say something like sync this to the router, and you know that it tells you this what it looks like, so I say I want to take this, then it gives me the preview, and then I say, like, yes, I found that I was you tonight, and at first kind of like Andrew, I used to post a lot, and then I stopped posting, falling through this posting all the time, and it was really interesting to have other people see, like, what I was doing at first. I was kind of like, 'Whoa, I don't really like this fire of it. And then, like, the more

gonzo  1:23:30
that I thought about, I said, 'I'm not really building anything that needs to be building a secret, I guess, all the stuff that I really do, some open source or whatever, and then the more and more and more that I abused it, the more that I saw, it was just me, and I thought that would be really cool to connect with people, have them, like James saying you're having me, but also like, well, main point that I had at first was that at the end of every it would always like ask me at the when I thought that I was like at the end of that session sometimes I just wanted to get work well and then like the question that's like do you ever really are you already done like you're always like one little more literal. It's cool to have it as this Andy and Gang, that's just kind of like doing the thing, like it's like listening

Andrew Miller  1:24:30
to you or watching what you're saying, allowing you to start building it together. I think that's where the interesting part engages that for now we have access to this information by people, and then this information now start predicting that you are actually working together, or even just like proposed, that we've already worked at it. You say that you benefit, you would benefit from this way. It sounds like you agree that you would benefit from a nudge publisher leader, because your natural thing would be to hesitate and wait to polish it a little more, but if someone just kind of,

gonzo  1:25:09
yeah, like a lot of the times I fall into this, like I've got a hard time committing always like pushing, pushing, pushing, and I'm like, when do I, when do I stop this? So it's just nice that this thing is like following my flow, and like this, where I am, sort of, it's, and so people are like chimed in on the stuff that I'm working on. For at any point, if I'm like, well, I should talk to him about this graph. scratch to kind of have an idea of where, where I thought, and you genuinely think that I believe it forward from this, like you yourself, there's so I'm interested in like cross-pollination

Speaker 2  1:26:00
All

Andrew Miller  1:26:06
this isn't related, but I didn't get it finished at the time, but this is my slow Syria. This is my 3090 every 40 seconds or so. It generates a new little web GL fragment. You can put the text in there and steer it, and it's hitting 4040 tokens per second, all

right. Well, thank you. Thank you.

Speaker 1  1:26:36
Well, you're up on record. sent to you by General Channel

James Barnes  1:26:59
Channel Investment Pro growth. You said it's me, either like general channel or coloring, I

fucory  1:27:31
Just while I'm doing this with Curious People RAM, an agent for like over, let's say, let's say like three hours unattended,

Speaker 1  1:27:46
six hours, narrow down the shop. What's the wrong? That's what your PRS is like teaching,

fucory  1:28:16
okay. So my name is Will. I'm an open source developer. I've got an AI psych process for about a year now, and I am the creator of Smithers. This is a durable workflow printer for agents and moral figures. I have a little slideshow here. This slide certainly is annual repo, so if anybody like has to leave and or wants to watch it later, you can actually run it, and we'll even have, if you're on Mac OS, and we can talk for you. I'll start this picture. Okay, so the thing I've noticed, I've been trying to build kind of agentic framework for a while now, and the thing I noticed is it's almost like every month or every three months I realized, like, oh, everything I knew was wrong, like I have a completely new way of doing it. I just gotta throw it out, and eventually I think it hit me that, like, I just need to embrace that and try to build something that allows me to, like, rapidly adapt over time, rather than attempting to build, like, the perfect way of using agents. Also, another thing I learned as I started using agents longer and longer is that background agents, you run into some problems that you don't really notice ahead of time. One is the most obvious one I can picture, there's some listed here, but the most obvious one I think you might notice is like you might start some kind of workflow, maybe wrote a JavaScript workflow, and you started, and then you go to bed, and you wake up, you realize that you had like silly bug, and it just never ran overnight. That's like the type of thing that happened to me all the time, and just the general idea of durability, like I might have, like, clock just like I'm using my subscription, I'm getting ready limited for vital events, or for the five hour implement, and everything blows up. Stuff like this really caused a lot of pain for me. Um, yeah, this is just, yeah, yeah, a lot of, a lot of like kind of happy solutions like help a little bit, but they don't really, they don't really do enough. We need like a more real solution, and then also I realized that orchestration really is a separate layer that is a little unexplored, as I think a lot of people becoming less, less true every day, but a lot of people are kind of still learning how to just like operate one agent, and I actually tell people, don't use SMITHERS until like you feel the pain points, because it's very important to go through this phase of just like operating one agent, reading all the tool calls, developing what I call model empathy, which is just this ability to like know what a model is capable of and what it might struggle with. It's jump into that orchestration framework, by the way, you might not develop that skill, but once you got it, like, you end up having, you end up wanting this way to like orchestrate agents in like a plug and play way, such that if this month Claude is my favorite agent and then next month Codex is the best agent, I want to be able to look just plug those in, and then if Claude starts adding below Claude code, maybe I want to use Py as my harness now. So this is something that was really quarantined, Bill Smithers, because that everything you do plug and play. These were, if I try to imagine, what are like the five primitives that we really need for long running workflows. One is durable steps, and what that means is when things go wrong, like your computer runs out of power, whatever, you get rate limited, you just need the ability to like restart it and have confidence that everything's gonna work. You need persistent state, you just can't, you don't want to lose work and hyper-weights tokens regenerating it. You need the ability to do parallel work, otherwise things are pretty slow, I think. For a while, I was just running synchronous routes, and it worked pretty well. But when you're just running a synchronous route, it gets pretty.. it can be like really slow. You might wait, wait like two weeks for that thing to finish, and then, yeah, a lot of times you need like event-driven flows, where like witness happens, do this sort of common thing, and then observability is like really one of the biggest things, is you want to, you want to just be able to know what is happening on a token, if you're spending stuff like that, yeah. I'll skip the framework from sake of time. A thing that's really popular right now is the these like one size fits all orchestration frameworks. So I think of like paper clip, for example, is a really popular one. I think these are like really cool experiments, but I don't really see these having up staying power. A lot of that sort of thing I talked about at the beginning, like every every month I decided that my workflow last month was awful. I need a new look, so like, yeah, you want to go layer abstraction below, where you don't have to necessarily throw out all your code or rewrite it from scratch, you can still reuse the imposable pieces, but you can build new what I call like custom did it workflows, like a workflow specifically for what you're trying to accomplish, so that's what we do. I'll show SMITHERS in a little bit, but I want to first mention, like, one of the most important parts, and others is the idea of components, the idea of taking like a very specific idea of orchestration and being able to return into a component that you can like compose and reviews with other stuff, so like, so right now I'll drop like the most like wtf part about it's actually built on React, and when I say React, I mean it's built on like the UI framework, React, but we're not building UIs, so we represent workflows as trees, like a DOM is a tree, like an HTML balancer tree, so what I'm doing here, and why I'm doing this. I think this is going to be actually a general pattern. If you want to get the best performance out of models, is I'm mapping this problem of orchestration to React specifically, because the models are like heavily RL about React. So I want the ability for my model to like one shot these complicated workflows, and by mapping this this orchestration problem to React, that's what we get, is we get this like incredible ability, especially when we add components on top of this to one shot these complicated workflows. In terms of like how it works. This is kind of like what's happening under the hood. I'll mention that SMITHERS is kind of something that you're supposed to just kind of like talk to your agent. Like, I usually don't write Snyder's myself, so I usually just like describe what I want and tell my agent to write SMITHERS and tell my agent to monitor it for me, and I, it's kind of a black box to me, but people usually want to know what that black box is doing before they're going to use it. So, this is this is what's happening, is basically it's running on ticks, so every tick it will, you'll have a function that will render your reactory, and this is basically like a tree of tasks that you want to accomplish, it will extract that task tree. They'll figure out, like, what tasks are ready to go next. They'll execute them, and when they're done, we'll persist all the outputs. The outputs will be - it's not listed here, but they'll be validated to be correct by Zod if it outputs the wrong thing, it will yell at the l1 to try again, but it'll output JSON, and that JSON will be then persisted in SQLite, or whatever data story is that that triggers a new tick, which will render it again. So this is kind of like this one way, if you got to render that, this is just one way data flow of your spirit. What tasks do you expect to run, or you can think of that as your plan? If you ever use plan mode, what my tribu list is kind of a function of the current state, so you might have a state that says needs help, might have like boolean, I said, but needs help, and this bullying gets triggered, then you can like trigger a workflow, but you can trigger a node that will like actually like ping you and be like, hey, this workflow

LSDan  1:37:30
is

fucory  1:37:34
like, "sex. I kind of talked about this, but I'll just mention one other thing. Reacts reacts best feature by far, and people take it for it. It's just components, it's pretty boring, but it's just this composability, every ability to reuse components, and you'll see that in a second. So this is the first, first time it's showing the workflow. You can see, you can see, like how much I want to apologize to all of you, like, like, like, I know this is curse, like, trust me, like, I knew of doing this with React is absolutely cursed. I actually have made a solid data before, but, yeah, so I kind of, that's why there's so many slides before I show you this has been field and need to apologize ahead of time and explain why this is actually like a well thought out idea, but this is kind of what it works for the can you see let me just declare like you just give the name and then the main thing to do is like sequence and parallel, so like sequences means run these like one at a time. If you do a parallel node that needs run all these in parallel, you can also set a good currency limit. And then the main type of node is just this task node, and this task node can be here's the agentic node, so if you pass an agent, it'll like run an agent, but this can also be just regular hard code, but just a regular JavaScript function. So SMITHERS has this amazing ability to like mix agentic outputs with like Deterministic code, which has a lot of benefits, like saving your tokens, it's just like faster to run code than it's to do an executive call, so you can do stuff like, hey, give me like a list of tests that you think I should run based on this PR, and then go ahead and like determine the test, that's like the type of workflow that you already can seek to do with Smithers, you'll see here like that one way data flow in action, where we like conditionally render another built-in node, which is called an approval node, which this just means it will like stop the workflow and ask for approval, so so these are all the built-in nodes, so workflow we saw task, we saw sequence, we saw parallel, we saw branch, branch isn't actually necessary, like you can just use javascript, do the app, then you'll tell me later why you might want to use branch. Basically, the reason you might want to use branch is because if you're not doing something, you might just want it to show up in the snapshot, just for debug ability. So that's what it's there. It's an IBM solid JS, and then loop, and loop. Actually, these people back me like Ralph was like in the, but now actually make their loop, does just in case some people don't know what Ralph means, and then these are the kind of human in the loop, so these are single signals, basically just like waiting for any external signal, this might be like you make an ACP request, or anything like that. Approval human task, human task is fun, fun, and like you're the agent, like you actually have to let me immediately ice some JSON as if you're an agent. I just find that one funny. Let's see, I then it's higher level components, so like, as users use Smethers, as like patterns emerge, we like kind of extracted those fabrics in the higher level components that just build out of those lower level primitives. So there's a review loop, is a really common one, it can give you, it's probably the most useful one that uses the SMITHERS views, which is just this idea of having an agent review the output and just keep looping until the agent says all right. We got Optimizer, which is actually just like a more generalized version of that, that has like a scoring mechanism. These are, if you look later, this is how those are built. Here's some other common workflows that got extracted in higher-level components, scan, fix, verify. Well, I'll just say the name, because I actually, these are going to be pretty intuitive. What they are, does a panel supervisor, Kanban, boards, merge queues, classifying route, gathering synthesizing. You can imagine how these patterns maybe orchestration just emerge over and over again. So these higher level components just increase the complexity of workflow, your agent can just like one shot, basically, because it's just a higher level exhalation. So we also have the ability to sandbox these tasks, actually, like it's not necessary to run on their machine, so these tasks could theoretically be run on a scene box anywhere that could be run like in like the stack, whatever you want to do, wherever you want to run, basically like a protocol for how the past like sends its results back. Oh, you can also run some workflows. Yeah, so that's so you actually run a workflow of a workflow aspects, if you know what app spec is, we support that scores and evals, so if you want to, if you want to actually run like eval scores, we support that memory, if you want to persist in memory across workflows, you can do that, and it will, it will only persist the memory for that node, so, so it's like it's pretty useful from the Google agents integration, so we just, we just have interfaces that can use anything that fits the interface, so we support running the blog code, Codex, Py, something pulled for Abid Nap. Does any you getting, if you doesn't use like the API directly, like any, any harness, or any you support all support all subscriptions to next month when Clog Code runs everybody on background agents, I made a workaround for that, so senators will keep working, like use at your own risk. And then hot mode is pretty cool. So hot mode means, like, I can watch my like thing running, and it's running a Ralph loop, and notice like it's not doing something exactly how I want to do well, I can actually go change the prompt if I use HotHub in real time, and we'll just like you won't even have to restart it. It'll just like notice that he did that and update in real time. This is actually useful because a common way to use Smithers, it's like, say, like, hey agent, make this workflow, run it, monitor it, if anything wrong, fix it. So, like, this fixes the like overnight problem like very well, like you don't have to worry about just another workflow breaking overnight. There's a really easy to use CLI. It's built with CL part of which is by the weapon team, and remember that is, but it's really a lot mop, my eyes. It's very intuitive. How to use it's kind of like Docker Composie, your time travel every frame, it says it can go that to any point in time supported. So this is running in reals, so this workflow in real time is showing you that's durable. Unfortunately, I did not the ability to skip the log demo. Okay, there we go. Here's like an example of like just using COI, and then actually I skipped the rest. There's observability, there's an up that APIs, and then we're also building a GUI, and this is the last thing I'll show you, so like you can see, like all the workflows that you know, this is a work in progress, though I can click on them on show me at any point in time, like what happened, and I can actually scrub this, I can actually like time travel and scrub back, I think I can like fork from any position, I can time travel back to a position, I can see I can do, and then last one I'll say is hijack, so any point if, like, SMITHERS running, you can actually say it's running cloud code, you can hijack it, then that was the clip into clock code, and yeah, a lot of other thing I'll say is like SMITHERS have the rough top of funnel, sorry to convince people to do these reacts as orchestration framework, but I'll say, like, anyone who tries it has like a really high retention, really high rate of people like being pretty excited about it, so I would encourage everyone, you think it is to give it a shot,

LSDan  1:47:19
eight years

at yeah,

yeah, I mean, How far can we extract the React workflow, and then five years later, be really happy, like write yourself excited.

fucory  1:47:43
Yeah, I encourage nobody to write it themselves, like it's really built, even even as much as like the LLMs all about TST. I spent like an excessive amount of time like optimizing that, so that it's only 60k tokens for your LLM to know everything about Smithers, which is well within, so if you give a SMITHERS skill to your agent, it's just going to be able to do everything for you. In fact, the best way to onboard on a SMITHERS just give it payment at the docks and say they give me a tour of SES, and that whole slideshow was built, basically doing okay. Here's the docs,

LSDan  1:48:26
such a phrase.

fucory  1:48:34
Oh, I forgot to say the presentation itself was a SMITHERS workflow, by the way. Okay, yeah, like literally a Smith workflow, you can actually see it here, versus the demo, like it was actually just running SMITHERS for every slide, was a pass,

James Barnes  1:48:54
I mean, we tested like the human input piece, because I I'm like, as an example, this senator just go figure out who's your expired smell, then probably we know about our grazing into a given right, you're gonna want to be able to like organize humans to figure out all the details. I'm curious, like, like long running human organization tasks. How you think about the ability versus the capability like this to like help us relate stuff.

fucory  1:49:38
Yeah, it was a good question. I think I was actually talking to someone earlier about this, and I think my current this could change next week. My current belief is that a SNS workflow is, you think of it as a skill or like a thing you can, your agent can invoke, but I expect things to kind of be a little more actor-based, so you would have something more like maybe like a permutation, and you give it the ability to like run a Smith's workflow, and the Smiths workflow, what it's really good for is just like get this done, get this task done, and no excuses, that's what I like to say, like no excuses, I don't care if like the power goes out, I don't care, like, if, like, you're in the middle of a database, right? Like, like, get this done, basically. And so you can think of it as, like, taking a pass that you want your organization to do, making it extremely robust, like enterprise level robust, but then I expect kind of the world to organize into these like actor-based systems, where you have like firming agents and humans. They wouldn't necessarily have like one giant sniffers workflow doing like what you're doing, instead you're kind of like more granular, like single purpose snipers workflows that like either a human can develop or like government's agent can invoke, and have you build up a larger system out of that? Is kind of how I imagine it, but honestly, no confidence kind of my opinion as of this morning. It's really predicting these things, yeah, like the ability to the ability to like kind of like have a workflow and make a workflow.

James Barnes  1:51:27
It's like, hey, in this workflow you need to spend, yeah. So just, and then that night workflow.

fucory  1:51:37
Yeah, totally. Yeah, you could do something like that, where as long as you specify, like the error case is ready, like a workflow. A workflow is technically just a function, it's just a function that you have that is durable, I guess. The rule is like, if your function has, like, a non-permetic side effect, you want to be careful about that. You want to make sure you isolate that, like for example, I have a workflow, and I have a partner workflow that sends you $100 You can see how that retry mechanisms can go wrong here. It's like I've sent you $100 my computer shuts off before I get sponsors back, and now I restart the workflow. I sent you $200 If that's a problem, so like anything that's like kind of like that, you don't really want to, you kind of want like to mark it instead of this has disability or mark that as like hey, if this breaks like human human handled, but but as long as as long as the task is like kind of hermetic, it can be in task, whether it's like spinning up another Syns workflow organization human doing something, and then coming back or seeing JSON, an ACP, press coming in, just anything.

Kristel Alliksaar  1:52:59
Yeah, so you mentioned that AI world is moving, so I share this understanding. I'd be curious, how would you phrase this, because it seems to me that the more flexible you are with these products, and the more you are ready to adapt changing there, then probably I guess the lower run make you calm, right? So basically, how would you like raise the factors that you have detected about this AI world changes, or like how the product really adapts action. Is it like adding more new models, or like when it comes to adaptability?

fucory  1:53:55
Yeah, I think recently definitely like new models. You definitely want the ability to swap our models, especially I think I really think these like Chinese models are pretty game changing, like the ability to like have like the ability to spin out like 30 and kidney agents and give them like one specific task rather than giving like a single plot coded instance that need to be 30, and like, how to like almost pass the same, like, pretty crazy, and I think, like, if these agents get cheaper and cheaper, I think that is going to be like really, really interesting. And over the next six months, I think, in terms of, like, that's looking forwards, I guess, so I could be deeply wrong with that. Can we look at words? I think what we've seen recently is I think we've seen the shift from like a task-based approach to like a goal-based approach. What I mean by that is like Smithers' workflows, like most people, both power users were kind of like breaking, they're kind of thinking like engineering team, but break it into a comp talk board, and then run this ticket through, like I think review was like a really common thing, and now I think what, what we're kind of moving towards is like instead of like thinking of things in terms of like breaking down a hard problem to pass, I think I've seen a lot of people wanting to instead think of it in terms of like measurable goals, like almost like giving their agent like an OKR, like I want, like 90% test. This is hard to do, actually. Like, I want it. Some things are easy, like I want 100% test coverage. That's an easy one. It's like slash codecs goal, get that done. But then there's like more classic goals that are kind of hard to measure that people are thinking really hard about how to do, whether it's like having an agent be like your coach, and we actually saw some components in there, we saw like a debate component, saw like scores and stuff. I think things are kind of moving more towards like, especially because the agents are getting smarter, it's more like it's less like micro managing like the tasks to get something done, and more about like giving your agent a lot of room to like improvise its way to a goal. If that makes sense, yeah, yeah, that's like kind of like what I would call like the smoother, like just watching the users using it, like that's like what I'm noticing is like the biggest like recent shift I've seen is like anything or two with like every everybody coming out of gold like it's pretty pretty powerful thing

James Barnes  1:56:52
except combining the like goal feature site and emerging those feel captivated next stepping into the top,

fucory  1:57:03
yeah. I think so. I, yeah, I wonder, like, though, if you want, like, kind of like layers of goals. I think, I think, even if you, even if it's built in, no partners itself, you often will want, like, recursive goals, like we talked earlier about like how like hard it is to like sometimes like manage context window size, and like there's probably going to be like a

Speaker 2  1:57:30
lava

fucory  1:57:30
large, I think, for I think like for if you just make the task larger and larger, you end up almost wanting to like have like an agent, like an agent tree of like this is our like high level goal, set these goals, set these goals, maybe like the lower the leaves of the tree will be like using like Codex Gold, but then higher up it's like unclear, like you might, it's unclear like there's different patterns, but

James Barnes  1:58:00
I think it could like have its separates, you can see level feature, and that's like not separated now. I imagine,

fucory  1:58:08
yeah, they'll definitely have it. It's pretty new, it's pretty new, man. So they probably just, I didn't call it, I don't know, the strip back, but my reckless speculation is that Anthropogen open AI, we're just rushing to get that feature out before the other one, and so it's not necessarily like it'll get better, I think. I think I think it will become the default, too. I think most people using it, like when you're driving the agent specific, will be like bold-based rather than like prop-based,

Speaker 1  1:58:41
I guess, to

Wiki  1:58:43
Could you speak about any like reward hacking you may witness, or if you've ever like noticed some of the agents maybe try to like kind of like when they're not doing what they're necessarily supposed to, and how do you think about that using your smoothers? It's,

fucory  1:59:03
yeah, basketing a little bit, I think these newest Codex models have gone a lot better at that. Well, Codex in general has been better at that than Claude. I think Claude Claude is like extremely, extremely okay. I actually I actually have a hot take here. I think I think that ability to like kind of be like, hey, quads, get, get the tests, get all the tests passing in the quad, like, just like comments out of tests. I think that's a form of intelligence, like that's actually like in a lot of cases, like that's why at the moment I've really used code X for everything, but like there's a lot of where like a lot of people are using code X, and I'm still using Flawed, and it's specifically because I actually do want that behavior a lot of times, like especially because like a lot of times, a lot of times I'm just like, hey, I need you to just like get this proof of concept done, and I don't necessarily want it to like, I like, I want Claw to like do whatever hacks it has to do to get it done, like, like, sometimes you want a hacker, I think, I think that's like a, I don't know, but like, my guess would be from a model company's point of view, it's actually like kind of a balance that's just my intuition of like how much do you want want this agent to be a hacker versus how much do you never make your user angry that you clicked in something like comment up with us, but I will say like yeah, I think Senators' workflows like a lot of the, I mean, there's one of the most common use cases when I first launched it was basically people love this ability to like have it plot be the implementer and then do like a review loop of just like Codex reviewing it over and over again, kind of as like a guard against that, so so, answers the question, but yeah, that's definitely like one of the most common reasons, like the first initial wave of users were using it was because they just had that problem with plot, like awesome, when you like saying everything's done, and then if Connex looked at it, or you looked at it, it's like awful work, or like no tests, or that's totally about

Wiki  2:01:29
totally

Speaker 5  2:01:33
at a quick question. If I do, I have like a death machine that I usually use, like easy to use snitors, like basically remotely, like, whatever, like on my machine,

fucory  2:01:47
yeah. Now only can use it remotely, but you can actually like break up the task, so that every task, and there's a pretty unique feature, but every task was actually able to run on a different level machine, which is a pretty useful feature. I think the main reason people love this feature, actually it's very simple. Actually, it's like, I mean, not only does it like parallelize intimately, but there's like really common problem where, like, if you run parallel agents, they'll like try to all run the Rust test at the same time, and then your computer almost blows up, and then they're running the end-to-end tests, and they're like fighting over the export 3000 and all this stuff. So it was like a really important feature, actually, to make it so Sniders is kind of like agnostic about where it's running, so you can like not only can you like run Sniders at the root of it, like otherwise on like a remote dev machine, but you can also like run it locally, and then delegate just only the tasks the remote dev machine, and then I didn't talk about it here, we were short of time, but I've also built this, it's not released, but it's this experimental product. I originally put its code name JJ Hub, but it's basically like a GitHub alternative that's really focused on sandbox thing, and, and being able to do this stuff like this, and yeah, it's basically like a wait, so like, built-in way to do that, your product actually, like, when you were doing your presentation, I was thinking about a lot of ways there might be some interesting ways to, like, get different agents, like, different permissions to different data, depending on, like, what task it was kind of close to shower thoughts, it also goes to what, yeah, it was definitely like a lot of, I guess, like two or eight, I'm like overall, like very shocked that counted to me, like, oh, I think we could, like, in some actual, like, came out already, just from, like, a previous presentation.

Speaker 5  2:04:14
Also, how many you mentioned, you have, like, user reflects, how, how, like, how many users do you have? Like, how do you like get feedback from them? How do you like think about one situation if you do at all?

fucory  2:04:32
Yeah, I don't know exactly how many users I have. I need to look back down and stuff, but I have this extreme, anyone's welcome to throw in. I can show that this Telegram channel is one of the most active chats in crypto, and there's like it's not just crypto, it's a chat where I pretty much, the rule is there are no rules. I don't moderate, I only moderate like if someone starts harassing someone, or if someone starts scamming people, so it's like a.. it's a chat where if anybody.. if anybody says, says this is a common thing we see, so if anyone says, 'I'll take this offline, so I stopped scanning the chat, I'll actually send them a message and yell at them to stop doing that, yeah. More spam, exactly. I want more sand, because that's like where the coolest stuff comes out, and that made this chat like extremely active, like in the crypto space. It's like 400 points in memory, but members would probably recognize a lot of them, so like this is where I get probably most of my feedback, and then I'll message where I can, but I was like, I see you start at the repo, and I see, like, I'll email you, I try to solicit feedback, I think I learned from previous projects that I worked on, like to not ship features until I find a use case, like, do you not ship them, no matter how cool the feature is? Like, wait until I find someone who's blowing your dog from it, or who asked for it. So I really made that priority.

James Barnes  2:06:21
Can you shares a link to this?

LSDan  2:06:23
Yeah, I'll share the link to the seller. Yeah, everything else they're talking

James Barnes  2:06:30
about. What's next? Like, are you trying to monetize it or would it be open source?

fucory  2:06:37
Good question. I see, like, three panels. I think you have that one, the The advice I got was to just like keep pouring fire onto this. There isn't, try to.. I haven't done like too much marketing until like maybe the past week of it. This will be just like keep focusing on that and just like worry about, like, monetizing something like that. One person gave me GTNs complete. I could technically launch it, let's just like a little bit polish. I have this GUI. Actually, there's GUIs, like GUIs, like still a work in progress, is one of the most like requested features I can work on that, but I think for me right now, I think the most valuable thing I can do is like be here and just like be talking to people, could be getting feedback, just vocal like water cooler thing you're talking about. I actually have somebody just because I've been like very loud on Twitter for the past week. I have like a potential co-founder reach out, which is pretty huge, because I feel like pretty.. I'm definitely an in-depth in theater with like between like SMITHERS and like JJ Hub, and all this stuff. JJ Hub, just for context, it's like pretty big prop. It's actually full GitHub Club with, like, its own, like, sandboxing and its own, like, data facts, things, and it has, like, 150,000 tests. It's like a very large product for me to just be doing by myself, and, and, yeah, yeah, I think, I think, I think, yeah, there's like a lot of strategic connections that go on, but I think, like, number one is I just need to, like, I need to get out of my, like, grinding, writing code all day, mode, and just like, be like talking to people and get real life

Andrew Miller  2:08:45
should wrap up for we have a yoga schedule session next that's in classroom free, so to just walk out the door, see that I It, anything else to build until tomorrow, we will still do the tea on the roof that too, and Tina's sessions on a whiteboard session about the fighting product market fit. We'll start at 430 tomorrow, and we have a sound bear dinner lined up, but I think that there's a site up for it, that's how I'll make that look at all. Right, see you later.
