Fucory  0:00
Also, be like,

Andrew Miller  0:02
okay, you added the audit, you've got the audit all right, that's great.

No, Gina's going to guide us through interact project recaps then Gregor talks, yes, to leave

us. We'll have founder journeys fellowship. Okay, so dinner

time. Yeah, exactly. Downstairs

Speaker 1  0:39
really treat Santa Monica had some sort of master vision for like master planning, but like they were doing fucking Dota, they were like doing five years, and you

James Barnes  1:00
designed it. Face,

Speaker 1  1:05
I mean, I decided off Up, thank Everyone

Fucory  2:35
It's long

Speaker 1  2:42
yes,

Andrew Miller  3:01
so I

Speaker 1  3:04
was very

Fucory  3:09
good. I

Speaker 1  3:16
actually had to present today. yes.

Speaker 2  3:29
Okay, actually you

Kristel Alliksaar  3:53
Maybe

tonight's

Speaker 3  4:01
lunchtime I feel things that I

Speaker 1  4:08
I mean,

Andrew Miller  4:20
this it's

Speaker 1  4:24
so fucking good.

Fucory  4:27
Yeah, that's what I was thinking,

like,

Kristel Alliksaar  4:38
like

Speaker 1  4:46
It's like that's like it's a. Bundy, but he's like crazy

Speaker 2  5:14
money, that

Andrew Miller  5:18
would be cool. Yes, please try it. Let's try it. There's space,

Speaker 1  5:24
like I'm is this,

Andrew Miller  5:57
is this an innovation or not? This is like a Tina mobile box, because it's got some nice

James Barnes  6:04
boxes.

Andrew Miller  6:11
This might be for you to operate if you're gonna like, why? whoa, six ducks.

Dmarz  6:29
Oh my gosh, point of view is hilarious,

Speaker 2  6:42
like walk stops

Elizabeth Yang  7:11
Actually, so funny,

Kristel Alliksaar  7:22
I You're on camera.

Dmarz  7:36
Sorry,

Kristel Alliksaar  7:42
what's up with this Guantanamo Bay?

Andrew Miller  7:50
Yeah.

Speaker 2  8:07
Loves Me, we for speaking Speaking

Kristel Alliksaar  9:05
I

Speaker 1  9:19
Check

Tina Z  9:52
Hello,

who's the cat? Oh, it's Tina.

Oh, is the cast name Tina Great?

Andrew Miller  10:03
We don't.

Tina Z  10:07
Can you

Andrew Miller  10:07
do? You hear us? Oh, yeah. I think we hear you.

Tina Z  10:11
I hope I'm not too loud. I heard whoever's on stage is really loud. I'm trying to center the on my own screen the view of the room, although it's a bit difficult to see everyone.

Speaker 3  10:38
Maybe we can just introduce ourselves. This is Alvie.

Tina Z  10:43
Great, yeah, yeah. Love to hear who's there, because I can't really see. I see some, you know, friends that I may be able to vaguely recognize their hair style, but that's it. I feel like I see Liz, that's why we've never met, because you're sitting next to LB, right?

Dmarz  11:01
Yes. Hi, how's it going?

Tina Z  11:04
Okay, Liz is Liz is a.. she doesn't know yet. She's one of the main characters today that she will be on a hot seat. Liz was the queen of go-to market for Azuki, and back in the days, not sure the, you know, the latest edge has been very helpful for a lot of the teleport experiments, so I've heard, but that's exactly why you will be also on the hot seat, since I recognize you, and I am very curious about you. Who else is there? I see Dee Mars.

Speaker 3  11:46
Can you guys just hello

Dmarz  11:51
whoever's in the back? Well, we'll pass the all right. This is partially to intro yourself, Hotina, but also just in charge of the room, so it's.. oh, I move

James Barnes  12:05
it. Hi, it's Gonzo.

Tina Z  12:08
Hey, Gonzo, long time no see. How's the combat going

Dmarz  12:14
on?

Tina Z  12:16
Okay, great. Another main character today. Well, too bad I missed Fuckery's presentation earlier this week, but I get to hear a little bit snippet, you know, in just a bit as we recap the week.

James Barnes  12:34
James,

Tina Z  12:37
hi James, you also be a main character tonight. Who is this? Which project are you with? I haven't met. We haven't met before.

James Barnes  12:51
I'm with Tiny Cloud, and a friend of Ethereal as well.

Tina Z  12:55
Oh, awesome. Great, Patrick from Tiny Cloud, and contributed to Ethereum. Great,

Shashank  13:01
hi Shashank. Shashank,

Tina Z  13:04
hi Shashank. I, in my mind, you are a shade rotator that's constantly exploring different project and product directions, but a, I would say at heart, probably one of the people who are at a who fits the shape rotator definition in our book, not the not what Urban Dictionary says about the definition, but which we will share in a little bit, why we call this program Shape Locator. What you know are we expecting for you know what has unfolded so far, and how has the program shape rotated in order to optimize for the objectives of the individuals involved, but great to see you here.

James Barnes  13:51
Hi,

Tina. First time, I'm Michael. I'm visiting here for the first time I work in the stablecoin space, Dan invited me,

Tina Z  14:08
got it. I have some, I have some guesses and curiosity around, but at least I think that Greg DeGreek here will have a friend who's also in DeFi finance, and not sure if graduate, who is going to present a bit in a bit today, where he

Dmarz  14:30
is at. Yeah, should I go grab him? Also, you guys want to do this little corner of address?

Tina Z  14:37
Okay. Great. Hi. Sorry. sorry.

Prakhar  14:43
I'm broke her.

Tina Z  14:45
Oh, Parker, nice to meet you.

Speaker 4  14:49
I'm Kelsey. Nice to meet you,

Tina Z  14:52
Kelsem.

Speaker 4  14:53
Yeah, Kelson,

Tina Z  14:54
Kelson. And which project are you with again?

Kel  14:59
I. Unique build order, which is like a permissionless version of Open Order. It's like I'm working on concerts.

Tina Z  15:08
Great. Yes, everyone, please also mention the project that you're working on, just so that. Yeah, and let's continue,

Dmarz  15:22
I Hey, I'm Roman. I'm also part of Tiny Cloud. I work with Hunter and Patrick and Sam. This is Hunter.

Hunter (tinycloud)  15:31
Hey, Tina, I'm Hunter. I'm co-founder of Tiny Cloud. Really happy to be here. Great to meet you.

Tina Z  15:36
Great, great representation for the Tiny Cloud team.

Andrew Miller  15:40
All right, I'm gonna pass you right. if

Tina Z  15:44
we do a cohort voting, I think Tiny Cloud will outvote everyone in this, in this room, given the project representation.

Speaker 5  15:57
So, hi Tina, I'm Lauren. I think we met last year at Cornell Tech, but I'm not formally in the accelerator, but I'm working on a payments platform that enables organizational design and programmable equity.

Tina Z  16:12
Oh, okay, that's highly relevant. I'll take a footnote of that, and I have - we'll have more questions maybe next week when I arrive.

James Barnes  16:24
Okay.

Speaker 6  16:26
Hey Tina, I don't know if you remember, we hacked together seven years ago on Fran.

Tina Z  16:31
Oh my god, you're here.

Speaker 6  16:35
I am. Yeah, I'll be working with Dan on T SQL. See how it goes.

Tina Z  16:41
Wow, it's almost like East Berlin hackathon all over again, where we won. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 6  16:49
2019

Tina Z  16:51
Wow, crazy days. Okay.

Dmarz  16:55
Novel also joined, and then novel, the sense of space on like what it looks like when you're passed

Fucory  17:07
around.

Tina Z  17:09
Hey, well, with a hat and the beard, I can't really recognize you anymore.

Fucory  17:14
My name is Ryan. I'm, I'm working on novel tokens.

Tina Z  17:19
You're working on novel tokens, that's a, that's a creative way of.. I thought you were a magician.

Dmarz  17:28
We are all in search of the novel tokens. Okay, that's everyone. I can go try and put a cat toy for Greg to come in here as well. What am I doing with this

Tina Z  17:43
before Greg starts? I think that, or before Greg step into the room, I want to do a quick recap of the week, since I myself was supposed to be there about a week ago, but due to various travel mishaps, going from Bali to Tokyo, accidentally actually getting into Japan without a visa, and then trying to go from Tokyo to New York, stopping over at Hawaii, caught a flu, so that tried to recover, so not to get anything, anyone you know over there is sick, but I'm now good. I recovered, and then I was supposed to fly to SF, and then New York, as of today, but somehow get to lose my passport. So, do more of a story: do not be Tina when you travel, or else you know you you may just bring, make your life unnecessarily difficult, so don't be me when you travel, and then I hope that I can find my passport in the next 12 hours, but I, regardless, I will be able to get to New York over this weekend, but apologies once again for not being here live today, and so we had to do a bit of last-minute reshuffle of agenda. I know that a lot of folks have identified interest for PMF clinic, this the original session that was planned, but I think that PMF today we will, in the context of everyone's project, we will speak around and off PMF, but in the context of projects, and next week we will have a more dedicated week that will focus on everyone's project on PMF, but today content session we will have a PMF angle as I try to co-host here with my partner in crime, Demars, who is able to facilitate and be the evil rose master in person, but so first I. Like to help myself and everyone who has not been there throughout the week to do a quick roll up of the week, a quick recap. So, Deemaraz, do you have the project map up?

Dmarz  20:17
I will introduce this stuff right now.

Tina Z  20:21
Okay, great. Great, so as we pull the Shape Locator OS, that's what I call it, the project map, the project mapping up on screen. Raise your hand if you were there on day one on the Monday. Wow, that's like almost like half of the room. Well, okay, yeah, that's basically more than half the room. And so what happened on Monday? I've seen the agenda a little bit abstract, like what left an impression on your mind. Oh, and can someone also share a screen of the project mapping?

James Barnes  21:17
Well, Go,

Speaker 7  21:25
it was extremely hot. The weather was so hot, we were boiling in the roof. Other than all the sessions that happened, we were also boiling.

Tina Z  21:35
I'm sorry for whoever, for whoever presented on Monday. It would you may have to go again this weekend, so yes, it

Andrew Miller  21:49
was memorable.

Kristel Alliksaar  22:00
Wow. because having always, which is dedicated for the cohort, this question. Thank you

Tina Z  22:12
for maybe a question I have for since I saw that friends, you know, come and go, and stopping by the comment, what stood out to you when you first met the folks in this cohort, any, any vibes, impressions, and whatnot on on the first day and this first week?

James Barnes  22:35
Yeah, I mean, I think being here for, as you know, I've been here in one way or another since August, and so I think a lot of the potential talked about different ways felt very actualized. They all care about the same things, are really smart. I really wanted, especially dinner, getting to hear about people's projects, sitting here, everybody present. I just felt like a lot of those energy and alignment feel really,

Tina Z  23:21
that's that's awesome, so as everyone here, some of you may be the first day or day two stepping into the school, which is adjacent, connected to the comment that some of folks here, some of the folks here are staying at apparently there is a tiny secret door that directly connects from the hallway of the school to the comment. How many, how many of the of you guys in the room has, you know, been has not been to the comment, like not the school, but the comment. It looks like everyone here has been to the comment.

Andrew Miller  24:13
I think they can start sharing the questions somehow.

Kristel Alliksaar  24:16
I don't think I've been to the comment portion. I think it's only been to the school.

Andrew Miller  24:24
Raise your hand if you have not been to the weird building, that's obviously straight all the way through the hall.

Tina Z  24:33
That's a better description. If you have not been to the common, how do you know you have not been to the common? Okay, I think tonight will be a great opportunity to try to ask a friend. Here is a secret place. I think is a there is a especially the highlight is a small. Room right next to where it used to be the chapel, so that's quite the legendary place, and also the Covent is one of the kind host of this shade container program, and in helping with a lot of the logistics and setup, it itself is a work in product as a product that's

Speaker 2  25:20
a work in progress, just like all of your

Andrew Miller  25:22
projects. So,

Tina Z  25:24
what happened on day two, which is Tuesday? It was still hot. The air conditioning was still being sourced or fixed, that I hear.

Speaker 2  25:36
Andrew, what

Andrew Miller  25:37
was the intended agenda? What was the spec, and what was the implementation, and how was implementation? I think everyone thinks, according to Speck, it was project intros and a founder dinner, a founder's journey dinner. What was the theme of the projects on? Oh, it was consumer and information markets, and that was great. And then we had dinner time and interview fireside chat and storytelling with Carter Page. Something happened for me on Monday. For me, Tuesday, I was having a chat with some of the folks around here, and it became like very weird. There's a lot of crossover between a lot of the projects, and I started like toying around with some people about the idea

James Barnes  26:30
of adding a big merge, which at the end of this accelerator we just like merged every project together, and I just thought that it was just interesting to just like hear everyone's perspective and hear very similar north star that now you get to all kind of like focus on and everyone can really like help each other and understand what you're doing, but yeah, I got stuck on this idea that a lot of these projects could benefit off each other, and that it would be, it would be super cool to, to you know, take a little piece of each one of them and make, like, I don't know, like you said, put them in this OS system to create these like super intelligent product. I don't feel like I've seen any accelerator do that before, but I thought it was like a really fun

opportunity for us to explore as we're

Speaker 2  27:34
like

Tina Z  27:35
continuing to develop some of these ideas that was probably insane, I awesome. Thank you for sharing. So, which projects on this map

Speaker 2  27:48
presented on the Consumer

Tina Z  27:50
and Info Information Markets Day Tuesday?

Speaker 2  27:58
Can we point to them and click into them quickly,

Dmarz  28:13
look at the count, so we went Tuesday.

Speaker 2  28:20
Tuesday was Daedalus prove of the wedding ethereum

Tina Z  28:25
surprise. If time

Dmarz  28:29
can you click into it, Daedalus?

Tina Z  28:36
Yes, this is also quite hard to

Speaker 2  28:38
see. I'm seeing

Dmarz  28:39
on our projector right now,

Tina Z  28:46
and

Speaker 2  28:47
I tell my agent to ship a light

Speaker 3  28:49
bulb,

Speaker 2  28:49
please,

Tina Z  28:50
or someone tell their agent to ship a light bud quickly on my screen. By the way, I feel bad for those of you, I can imagine it's very hard to see, but everyone has access to the Shape Rotator OS right on your own devices, so like, so that we can also see directly, but yeah, so let's click into Davis, and like, just to refresh everyone's mind, so that let's do a quick speed run of, you know, Tuesday and Wednesday, Thursday's project,

Speaker 2  29:26
so prediction market microstructure research is our friends from

Andrew Miller  29:29
Daedalus like present,

Tina Z  29:34
she just left. Okay, great. So, yeah, so like everyone here, especially those who are new, like based on my understanding of Davis, it may be something of interest, especially also to our new for Shaw, as well as I think this is one of the like I was a quite. An interesting info market project team, and I think anyone who project think about how your own project may have relationship dependency, or maybe you worry that is it going to be going towards too close of a direction, like that's essentially right now you may not yet know or have thought about each of the projects, relationship having this like growing, evolving living map that maps out each of the projects through its metadata and surface clustering and relationship surface complementarity over time, that is intention, that's intention of this shape orator OS of this map. Essentially, the shape rotator, the primary objective is to surface synergy and help shape rotate and finding in the journey of finding product market fit throughout these few weeks and months

Speaker 2  31:14
and so

Fucory  31:15
what's the

Speaker 2  31:16
what's the other projects

Tina Z  31:18
that presented on Tuesday, let's find them on the map. Yes, theory. Yes, Ethereum. So, who has, who has not seen the Ethereum installation experience, or like, doesn't know? Raise your hand if you do not know the project. You may have missed a session, but many of us here know the project because it has left in my, in my personal experience, I could, I bring up Ethereum at least once a week in explaining what the future of zero click experience of application design look like in the agentic

Speaker 2  32:03
application world, and

Andrew Miller  32:05
yeah, raise your hand if you have not experienced

Tina Z  32:09
ethereal experience, so suggestion for tonight, part you know us tonight is meant for social and really getting to know each other after the content sessions this afternoon, after the rose this afternoon, and it would be really great if we could have if you're a experience like be part of the fun tonight. I think that I will leave it mysterious, you know? Right now, because you have to experience it, like describing it will spoil the fun. Yeah, and James and Gonzo are, or the masterminds, and so are a lot of folks who are living in the comment as part of a co-create experience, you see why you are part of the, you are part of

Speaker 2  33:12
product in either, in other world, in other words, anyone,

Andrew Miller  33:17
what other projects presented on Tuesday,

Tina Z  33:20
I Shannon

Speaker 2  33:24
seven presented Feedling. Okay, can we find Feedling on the map?

Tina Z  33:34
Yep, and it's, I guess, seven,

Speaker 2  33:44
and Liz and

Andrew Miller  33:46
Andrew are all here. Is

Speaker 2  33:49
sexy son here?

Tina Z  33:50
He was, I think, shouldn't seven, I believe. Oh, okay. Yep, so

Speaker 2  34:04
raise your hand here if you

Tina Z  34:06
have, if you are a TikTok user. Okay, it seems like the.. it seems like this room has a problem. I

Speaker 2  34:21
feel like we are

Speaker 7  34:22
not normal users.

Speaker 2  34:28
Well,

Tina Z  34:30
short floor media. Oh yeah, I just held out because I used first. So I think we're seeing

Speaker 2  34:41
less than a third of the room. Okay, raise your hand if you

Tina Z  34:44
have a sibling

Kristel Alliksaar  34:45
or know someone who's addicted to TikTok,

Speaker 2  34:51
like yourself.

Tina Z  34:52
Okay, yeah. Am certain. Yeah, I think that the TLDR feeling, and this school of design around information diet can be your or your friend's savior, or your little sister, whoever is addicted to the, I guess a garbage information diet, and it's done so in like exploring interactive gamified ways of helping you to evaluate and score and tune your information diet, so this whole school of design around feeling and timeline tuner and whatnot, the series of teleport exploration, and

Speaker 2  35:49
it works. That's the most important thing. Cool, is that everyone that

Speaker 3  35:55
presented on Tuesday,

Tina Z  35:58
I

Andrew Miller  36:01
I think that's all. What? And then Carter Cleveland.

Speaker 3  36:09
First,

Andrew Miller  36:11
oh, never mind. I'm sorry. Really, were there only three? Yeah.

Kristel Alliksaar  36:17
Oh, yeah, we weren't enforcing

Tina Z  36:19
time limits then until Crystal volunteered to start enforcing time limits. Okay, and then my.. I understand this, my.. my accidental.. I still have not yet met up with him, old high school or not high school college classmate, Carter Cleveland, present his shared his founder's journey over dinner, or something like that,

Speaker 2  36:49
on Tuesday.

Tina Z  36:50
He's the, he's the founder of Etsy, which I think,

Speaker 2  36:58
right, which I think that

Tina Z  37:01
many people may hear, may know. Yeah,

Speaker 2  37:09
so like, and I

Dmarz  37:11
guess anything that stood out in the founders' night on Tuesday, I was quite surprised to hear his like strategy they had where they gave equity to some of the art galleries in order to bootstrap the network, because you know, I think it's like the cold start problem writer is this like book, like atomic networks or something, where you know you want to build a marketplace, and you maybe have a ton of buyers, but you don't have a lot of sellers. Sellers don't want to come on for some reason, or maybe you have a lot of sellers, but you don't have a lot of buyers, so you want to be able to, like, you know, bring on the, like, atomically buyers and sellers at the same time. And so, from what I understand, they went to a lot of these galleries, and they were like, "Dude, websites, what the hell is that? So, I'm not touching those, and so he had a very hard time recording a lot of art, and they had a bunch of like really cool ideas, one which was a, you had to upload your art to the site in order to go to one of their events during like a big like New York art week, and then the other one, which I thought was super cool, was what I mentioned the beginning, which is like they started to give some of the galleries upside in the equity of rnc.net in order to put their stuff along the platform, and this is like move Tina, you and I have talked about a lot as well, with like Visa has known this before, where they had a payment network that a lot of the banks didn't want to actually participate in it, because, like, why would you let people transfer money to someone else's bank. What you know, like, why bring your customers onto this payment network? Whether now you know you're building a highway for them to go to another bank, and so a lot of people, yeah, so, quote, you know, Visa had this clever idea of giving a all the member banks to the networks, like equity in or like ownership in Visa, they also had a lot of other innovations, which I know you probably give a whole lecture

Speaker 2  39:29
on too, but

Tina Z  39:31
it was super cool to see that, like, Artsy also took a similar page. Yep, definitely, and Revolut was another famous one that, in their thing, before series A, that they gave out equity as a company

Speaker 2  39:48
to

Tina Z  39:49
their

Speaker 2  39:50
seed users,

Dmarz  39:51
and I think

Tina Z  39:52
many other projects Revolut. It especially they did the

Speaker 2  40:01
crowd funding within Monsieur User Group, and so cool. Okay, great. How about

Tina Z  40:08
Wednesday? So it's local, local first privacy preserving

Speaker 2  40:20
I think more infra

Tina Z  40:22
tax tech. Yep,

Speaker 2  40:29
can we find Promana Tiny Cloud Bit Router T SQL and Signal Stack on the map? Yeah, he's the first program. Yeah,

Tina Z  40:42
thank you. So, because if anyone from the projects is here, like, or any comments on, I think we can all read the screen, but rather it's like, you know, highlighting

Speaker 2  41:01
anything that was interesting that we learned about the product on each of the days,

Tina Z  41:08
so maybe it will be helpful for, like, I'm going to call on Alice Stan, since you are Te SQL, and I know that you definitely have gone, so you've been working on Te specific projects. How would you describe and identify the relationship between each of the projects that has gone on, you know, Wednesday, that is like local first privacy preserving, and also anyone else who is, I guess, Andrew, obviously can speak of, you know, can

Speaker 2  41:47
be my guest commentator on

LSDan  41:49
like essentially what stood out to you in this, in this sub cohort, this cluster. I didn't see a ton of synergy in these in between the projects that went on Wednesday, but I did, they did all have the general background of needing some form of key, like

Speaker 2  42:15
or cryptography, kind of focused

Tina Z  42:17
on private data as a primary concern. It's interesting because you would think that different projects working on different parts of the privacy stack naturally will be synergistic and or complementary, or and or complementary. Although I do have questions on any other product market fit, I'm not saying about the product, each of the project, but I'm saying overall privacy is a thing that is hard to sell directly, but rather it's if combined with the right capability, it can actually be extremely powerful, like,

Speaker 2  42:55
as in,

Tina Z  42:56
like I see tiny clouds, you know, product

LSDan  43:00
always in my mind. My prescription, I will for anything, right?

Speaker 2  43:06
So it's

Tina Z  43:08
on Wednesday as well. So there's definitely a lot of synergy

LSDan  43:11
between tiny cloud and DSP, all right. What is the synergy there? What can you see? They were thinking of building T SQL, but decided to draw the boundary of their project before they got to that level. They

Speaker 2  43:27
wanted it,

Tina Z  43:28
but didn't want to build it themselves. So that was kind of the immediate draw. How does, in one line,

Speaker 2  43:37
what is TS SQL,

LSDan  43:39
and why does what does your product T SQL complement Tiny Cloud? We're, we're hosting Postgres high availability clusters inside of CDMS, and they, they

Speaker 2  43:54
store a bunch of their data in

LSDan  43:56
Postgres, but we're not

Speaker 2  43:58
current or not currently

Tina Z  43:59
using CPMs to do that, so this gives it a privacy guarantee. Okay, and I guess friends from Tiny Cloud is also here. Can you know someone from Tiny Cloud also share what you see

Speaker 2  44:18
as complementarity,

Hunter (tinycloud)  44:19
whether with Tesco or anyone else in this cluster of cohort. Yeah, I can share from Zynny Bob. I worked at Sam, and Sam, David's got his sisters graduating, so he's not here today. But yeah, I was really surprised by the pretty much everyone that I saw speaking, TSQL, especially. Right, there's.. we just have to draw a line somewhere in terms of what we're building at Tiny Cloud, and I think scope creep has been like a persistent problem for us. So it was really reaffirming to see other people building technology in this space that I think is complimentary to ours. I was. Also, really interested in router, and investigate further out how we can implement that in our stack, as well as just just wanting to learn more about about the signal stack that's being built. I think there is a lot of synergy here, and I think my impression is that as time wears on, and we get to know each other a little bit better and connect on

Speaker 3  45:18
a human level,

Tina Z  45:18
while also have a better frame reference for how the pieces

Speaker 2  45:22
of technology fit together.

Hunter (tinycloud)  45:24
One line description of, you know, tiny cloud. Yeah, I mean, I don't know that our site represents it super well. I would say the tiny cloud is a way to the core perimeter of the tiny cloud is a way to to manage data with signatures, so in the same way that Bitcoin lets you transfer value

Speaker 2  45:44
using signatures and

Tina Z  45:46
trying to keep cryptography, Tiny Field lets you do that with atomic data sets, and what we're.. how would you describe your impression of what Bit Router is and what T-SQL is, the two products that identify synergy immediately in what you just mentioned. Like, yeah,

Hunter (tinycloud)  46:06
what did you remember of what Bit Router and T-SQL? In the case of this router, my role has been more building applications on top of Planet Cloud, and right now we have been doing that the way we've been doing that for one customer is wrapping an OAuth token for Quad Max account, and so as I was saying, Bit Router, kind of I've been thinking a lot about how we make our agents more capable and to route through different models, and so Bit Router was really fascinating for that reason. I really think we're going to want to have the opportunity to, you know, whether you route through a frontier model or a privacy preserving model or something local. I just, I'm realizing that I need that module on our stack, so that we're not, we're not so coupled with one inference provider, and especially for the ability to have, you know, progressively more private and sovereign solutions, and then CSQL, I would say, for my part, as a person who's building more in the application layer, a lot of the technical depth was out of my, my, my typical repertoire of understanding the space I work in, but certainly Sam was very excited about it, and I, as a general statement, I think we want to find

Speaker 2  47:27
more clear synergies with

Tina Z  47:28
people that are building and trusted execution environments to be like Phineas. It's kind of a core part of our staff. Great, I'm gonna, I'm gonna let this free flow a little bit, because this cohort, this cluster of the cohort is the most in my, in my view, would benefit the most by being able to surface complementarity with not only within each other but also like surface customer supply chain potential relationship with people who went on Tuesday, which is consumer applications markets, and people who went on on Thursday, which is like my understanding is more or less agentic application, minus Shaw, who hasn't presented because he was, he was napping yesterday, I heard. Yeah, the epic nap after getting off the flight yesterday, and he will be presenting what he's been up to, as you know, the background of the agentic application session. But so I'm going to mix and match here a little bit, like Tiny Cloud, I'm going to pick on Tiny Cloud, just a little bit, while Sam is not here, while Sam is out of town. Great, so I thought that Tiny Cloud was a transcription was focused on transcripts, transcription as the core use case. However, in your description on positioning, it seems different. Can you just be, you know, briefly about the journey of Tiny Cloud?

Speaker 5  49:06
Like, did it pivot?

Hunter (tinycloud)  49:08
It seemed to have pivoted from a TE based transcription to now what you described. What happened to why? Like, sure, I would say there's, there's many pieces of the tiny cloud stack. Tiny cloud, at its core, is is a substrate for user own data, and so the transcript transcripts, I would say, are like a particularly rich type of user own data that you could rewrap in a bunch of different ways in the application layer. There, there, there are there is a find the transcription project. It's one of the, I would say, one of the many pieces that's been built on Signing Cloud. We have a credentialing piece as well.

Speaker 2  49:48
We have an identity piece. We've got

Hunter (tinycloud)  49:50
Open Team, which is sort of a like solution. I think part of this is. Is in, I would say, in servicing the mission of digital sovereignty, Sam is Sam has built a lot of the different pieces of the stack, and I think that he sort of works on on the big pieces in kind of a round robin like fashion, so I don't, I don't, I would say yes. TV's transcription is a part of our whole process, you know. We don't have a ton of users for that, that particular piece yet. He's been working on a project called Listen, which is an aggregator of transcripts from all sorts of different transcription providers, and he stopped. He spent more time thinking about aggregating all the different transcripts to land in Tiny Cloud. It's sort of like a wide, a wide funnel, but as a general statement, I would say we're building a lot of different pieces that we're trying to bring together. There's kind of a funnel that's collecting lots of important data, so that it can land in their Tiny Cloud, and then you can do operations on it. I think the four components of Tiny Cloud are really capturing data, structuring data, storing data, and doing computation on top of that data. And so there is a there is a piece where it keeps level of that stack there sort of necessary components, and one of the.. I think the potential stress is you can, you can't build every piece of the stack,

Tina Z  51:17
and I think sometimes it feels like we're trying to, so yep, great. Thanks for sharing. Like, I guess I wanted to double click on Tiny Cloud in particular, because I think Tiny Cloud is quite representative of a lot of the, like, I would say a high-potential project that could may be able to benefit the most from, like, this program in truly understanding what are the killer use cases that may actually drive. I suspect that transcription may be actually one of the biggest use case, like for something like tiny cloud, and whatnot, and like there's a lot of experiment for live, you know, but I think it's how to put the pieces together to service the real pain points that people have, and given the tech that you already

Speaker 2  52:13
have, so great, anyone else that went on that day on Wednesday?

Tina Z  52:28
Any other projects aside from from Tiny Cloud

Speaker 2  52:37
T SQL, and

James Barnes  52:39
I guess Bit Router is

Speaker 2  52:43
Bit Router is

Tina Z  52:44
also here, right? Yeah, yep. What did you observe as, like, a potential synergy across the different projects within this

Speaker 4  52:57
Wednesday local first privacy preserving product under privacy center projects, but so different areas, for example, credentials, agent hospitalization, data context, meaning we all as you are procuring and

Andrew Miller  53:24
integrated in tiny interoperable ways, and also for all the the starting again, like my guess is

Speaker 2  53:33
either you did parent for the last 10 seconds, but it just fits

Andrew Miller  53:37
the thing, so did

Tina Z  53:40
you hear? I can hear you guys,

Speaker 2  53:50
like it was just like you

Andrew Miller  53:51
guys sounds a little

Speaker 2  53:52
bit static to

Tina Z  53:53
me, but

Speaker 2  53:56
it's probably problem on my side,

Speaker 4  53:57
I think it's good now. Okay, cool. Yeah, I can hear. So, yeah, so I'd say definitely Asian context skills together, and also for us, because we have certain I still have energy physical projects, for example, as research, we can operate serving among their water providers, and also larger by Professor, we. I see a lot of people are calling the robot in the metrics

Speaker 2  54:59
server

Dmarz  54:59
every day, so certainly that's going to cost both. I also quite excited to try and do a little shape rotation of the router or not total shape or face, but maybe in nature. I think the DC event work will be a project, probably start like kick starting like each two or three respect more like the side of our software project. I think it would be quite interesting to offer a bit a bit router product because

Speaker 2  55:36
the goal of the DC

Dmarz  55:38
Net is to do

Speaker 2  55:39
IP normalization.

Tina Z  55:51
Am I

Dmarz  55:52
frozen or frozen? We just paused because there was a go, but it's gone now. Okay, yeah, but anyways, you could do it, basically anonymize your IP and show all the people you're getting. Hello, so I think that'd be a lot of AI people that are it also plays with your thesis, because I think one of the bit broader things too, we got into in your session was like, okay, what is the what is the edge here in this product, is it like, are you finding people with cheaper inference or are you finding people with private inference, or maybe both, those are two different markets to explore, and so if you tap into DC, that I can see that as

Speaker 2  56:40
being another interesting value prop for the

Tina Z  56:42
sort of difference. Yeah, so again, it's almost like we can see a supply chain of who could be a downstream user of whose technology in what way, and as, like, you know, we learn more about each other's project, and, like, I think one of the really interesting challenges for this cohort, which is a bit different from the Tuesday cohort, is that my suspicion? My hunch is that none of the project right now has very clear product market fit, but rather it's like, can we co-create something with folks within your cluster and to create something end to end meaningful and useful for those who present on Tuesday and Thursday as like, like full service as an end to end service that can be actually useful, that would be, I think, one of the biggest challenge, so and I think this is probably the one cohort that will go through the most shaped rotation in, like, as you evolve, identify your, like, where, how you complement each other, and what is the real demand, like, what really needs to be created, and so, yeah, I guess, in interest of time, anything that stood out on Wednesday from Phil Diane Flash co-founder's founder journey. I was actually.. I was not

Speaker 2  58:24
there, but I was very

Andrew Miller  58:25
curious, since I know

Speaker 2  58:27
his journey quite well.

Tina Z  58:29
What was interesting, or stood out? Stella Novel really

Speaker 2  58:33
hit it off.

Novel  58:34
Oh, really? Noble, do you share? Yeah, the Center for Alton Field Office, and first to answer the subjective side of all of the agents in this environment Much, there's a lot of work in capturing. We are using a transcript square that we're talking what we are presenting to the screen or presented by the screen, which is somewhat constrained by our choice or the dynamics that we're involved in, and so I want them to Lori's work on how to use inference to my less obvious subjecting data out of the way that we review ourselves, and so you know a lot of the work we're doing, Shane's work competition, and as counselor, I decided like. Will be on the screen, and one that it is space that is more projective and probing into the legal here, and I won't share too much about the nature of what I'm doing right yet. I think a lot of it does evolve, like kind of revolve around like setting the frames that are maybe like kind of setting the clear in the room, but one of the things I'll probably set up over every time is like having like this field up just kind of walk into and any of these like exercises, the news like working on whatever you're thinking on, but I'm creating space where it's unknowing, which is something helpful for like being a little bit more divergent to think about not just the work that he was doing, the work, and then in the process of maybe aggregating some entity, so conventionally also able to reveal things about

Speaker 2  1:00:48
it that we're able to kind of study and distill and then pass into the individual or cheaper people.

Tina Z  1:01:03
Oh, sorry about that. Yep, I said, thanks for sharing. Yeah, I think that Phil and Blackfoot's journey is definitely one of those more wild moments in my, I think, past few decades of PMF searching, so we have more, you know, once I'm there, happy to share with anyone who is less familiar, definitely a lesson for me as well, in terms of like how to find PMF through actually the right product positioning and whatnot, and also Phil's own journey in like basically applying like research into the right problems, the problem, and actually having the wicked, like thinnest piece of product that could actually address be the highest leverage, and address a class of problem that itself is like his ability, his intuition, whether he can rationalize it, explain it, or not, is really amazing, so like, how do you bring hacker mindset essentially to find what is the one thing that's missing? What is the one move that you can make that can change the tides that could shape shift the entire industry? Like, that itself is, I think, a killer skill. Next time, when he's in town, I'll roast him, and okay, so Thursday I'm very curious, Thursday, and also like Thursday's session, since like there will be a background of Thursday's session, given that Shaw has not gone, I'm not sure, maybe Shaw has, you know, has ways of retaining information while he's leaving, so who knows, I should not speak too early, but yeah, so for those who were not sleeping,

Speaker 2  1:02:58
not napping yesterday, what went on in the agent day?

Andrew Miller  1:03:04
What was the question? Sorry, what went on on agent day? I don't know. Only my agent attended. What does your agent say? Good. I don't know. I'm asking your agents not here in the room with us right now.

Tina Z  1:03:28
He's working on light mode, which just broke my app and pros right. Nicole, so yeah, so okay, I'm pretty sure

Speaker 2  1:03:39
Fakree

Tina Z  1:03:39
presented on Agent

Speaker 2  1:03:41
Day, so

Fucory  1:03:42
so that means that he was there, correct?

Was there, I

James Barnes  1:03:50
was there,

Fucory  1:03:52
was your agent there?

Speaker 2  1:03:55
Our agent was there,

Tina Z  1:03:58
so, so in one line, how would you describe JJ Hub to those who, whose human or agent forgot to attend yesterday, and what other projects that presented yesterday that stood out to

Speaker 2  1:04:19
you as something

Fucory  1:04:19
that's interesting that you like to explore further, or you know that there's some synergy already, or collaboration. I would say, like, first thing that comes to mind is in tea time today, we were actually

Tina Z  1:04:35
talking about the water cooler thing a lot, you mean the human water cooler thing, which is the aka human router, aka Tina, myself, or if you have seen and been on

Speaker 2  1:04:50
the ground of comment.

Fucory  1:04:52
Dmars is the quintessential definition of a human water cooler. Are you talking about the human water cooler idea exactly? Yeah, that definitely nerds tonight does a lot, and yeah, or actually not even yesterday. I think I've had like three conversations since that presentation about, like, how that could be useful for people, or how we could

Speaker 2  1:05:18
use that,

Tina Z  1:05:19
or other ways of doing it. So, so, yeah, I think that one was definitely like a highlight of the day. Well, by that you mean, like, I hear that Andrew has gone yesterday to present teleport router, which was supposed to be what can evolve, I think Jane James James, who also is a core mastermind behind the current state of teleport router, that is supposed to, like, you know, try to achieve like the angle of the human water cooler, of you know, basically the virtual Tina, just, you know, vicariously map people and surface serendipity, and this can also, this is also like, you know, the, you know, the the kind of AI version of of the orchestrator behind Albie's Muse Dinner, as in, like, you know, people are matched based on certain shared contexts and insights that could, that may be complementary, that basically may be serendipitous, that is not what oftentimes you expect when your head's down, focus on what you are working on, so that, like, that itself was supposed to be the human water cooler concept, but I guess I'm not sure whether that kind of,

Speaker 2  1:06:46
you know,

Fucory  1:06:47
came out in the Andrew's presentation of teleport router, I think, like, compared to the other days, I feel like the other days, the way I see those teams collaborating is like a lot more like direct, in the sense of like their products are kind of super complimentary, I think, for this day. If, like, I feel less of a need to like collaborate on product and more of a need to just like pick, pick the brain of people who are trying to like navigate this like hard to navigate space, like, like, like, like, it's less about the product, I just want to like learn more about how people are like thinking about like where AI is going, or or just like how they're using Openclaw, like most of my questions are kind of less about like the actual product and more about like I'm just I feel confused, I'm sure like anyone who's working in AI feels confused, like is there any way we can get a little bit less confused, and I'll also say, like, I think, like, we have a lot of it, they're doing, like, this, like, hub and spoke of who can collaborate. I think a lot of the other dates have, like, came to us, actually, like, to the Thursday day. I think, like, AI's have permeated everything, so I think you could have put us on any day, really,

Speaker 2  1:08:13
and it probably would have worked

Tina Z  1:08:15
in terms of like collaboration, so I think those are like the two main thoughts. I love how you are characterizing yourself and everyone as feeling a bit confused, especially those who are working in the debt center of agentic kind of a tooling

Speaker 2  1:08:35
and application,

Fucory  1:08:36
is that why you didn't answer my question of what is the one line definition of JJ Hub one line definition of JJ Hub, which you did not present, I did not present JJ Hub at all. No one has seen JK Hub. So, a fresh one. My description: JJ Hub is JJ Hub is a GitHub clone that has 150,000 tests in it that I buy coded in a week, but it is actually like super I like, despite the fact I just said I buy coded it, it's like actually like production, it's like probably like the most ambitious, biggest thing I've built with like AI and spitters so far, but I have not released it to the public, yeah, it's just in private alpha right now, mostly because it's people have been getting a lot of value out of Smithers, so I got a lot of advice from people I was talking to, to

Tina Z  1:09:45
like focus more on Smithers

Fucory  1:09:47
in the meantime, like see, like throw as

Tina Z  1:09:49
much wood on that fire. Room, while it's burning, they presented Smithers yesterday

Dmarz  1:09:54
instead. Yes, presented Smithers one line description of what Smithers is.

Fucory  1:10:02
Did you do the l2 description of JJ Hub as well for the Ethereum people? Yeah, so Jake, yeah, so JJ Hub, I think of as like an LV to GitHub, so like when I was like kind of like searching for like, is there is a product market fit or is this just a Twitter meme, this idea like everybody wants to get off GitHub, my big blues and blog is the Twitter team, nobody actually wants to get off the hub, everybody loves their stars, everybody loves like they're just used to using GitHub. Everyone's a power user of GitHub, like nobody actually wants to leave GitHub. So the pivot I think, like JJ Hub should make, which is actually pretty values of how I think of JJ, is to being like a GitHub l2 and funnily enough, JJ also let me get l2 and I think of it as like you have this separate place that your agents can hack home. It's like their own GitHub that's far away from our production GitHub, where they, when they inevitably get prompt injected, you can limit the blast radius and it'll like support, like it'll probably have like a lot more branches, a lot more commits. Agents are agents commit like a lot faster, and then I think of it as like it settles from JK up to get up, and funnily enough, this is also on JP, where JJ is like almost like this, like we make a bunch of like commits on JJ, and then the JJ batch submitter submits them to Git as like a regular Git commit, like every once in a while. So it's like bad, it's

Dmarz  1:11:44
a really bad analogy, to be honest, just because it only works for like, I guess, people in this room, but

Speaker 2  1:11:51
that's it's also I'd like to announce my new

Speaker 3  1:11:53
side project, JJ Hub, which

Fucory  1:12:00
is, yeah, so basically, yeah, so my thesis earlier, without saying, was like, what I was saying, like, is do people want to get up? This is a me, basically. I'm saying, like, all l1 thesis is like a complete me. Nobody actually wants to go to an all l1

Tina Z  1:12:24
people may want to like do a bit that settles on the main chain, which is GitHub. Okay, so what? What is the relationship

Fucory  1:12:33
up Smithers and JJ Hub in your analysis? Yeah, so Smithers is basically, you can think of as GitHub Actions. It's basically just like compute that's running somewhere, it can run in the computer or in the cloud in JJ Hub. Like, there it's very analogous to GitHub Actions, like if you ever use GitHub Actions, it looks very similar, where you have like a dot Smithers folder, and then that folder has a workflows folder. So far, it's exactly how GitHub works instead of, instead of that being the animal-based GitHub workflow, now it's a Smithers workflow, which has, like, first class support for agents, durable workflows, fixes a lot of the pain points with GitHub actions, and that's another reason why, like JJ Hub, I'm like a little worried about it, because JJ Hub, JJ Hub kind of distracts people from what the actual product is like, like people get very stuck on the GitHub part of JJ Hub, and that's actually like the GitHub part, there is a GitHub part of JJ Hub, but it's really just, it's just there because it has to be there, and there's not really any innovation going on there, works the exact same as GitHub, or the exact same as get to, or any other Git Forge. You could look out there, and the actual like innovative parts of action side. So that's actually been like a problem I've been having with trying to explain the value prop, is

Tina Z  1:14:11
that it's not necessarily innovating on like it, like on Git stores or anything like that. So let me introduce your seed user Andrew, as I know he is an Avid Smithers user, and he may have more familiarity with JJ Hub, the concepts that,

Andrew Miller  1:14:39
like, yeah, Andrew, how would you characterize it? Why did you use Smithers? What do you use it for? Oh man, I have not used Smithers successfully much yet, I always want. To use it's a good sign of like a demand, like I look at Smithers and I know what I want it to do, and that's like clear, that's like one good leg of a food back loop in a really promising way. I want it to keep my agents more organized for longer, and I've been

Speaker 2  1:15:10
reaching for Smithers to do that,

Fucory  1:15:12
JJ Hub. Well, it's not out, so I don't know how to.. I don't know what to say about it. Yeah, actually it's funny. Like, the reason why I looked at Smithers and decided this had more like PMF than TBM, which I was working on before, was big, was basically because of people like Andrew, where, like, Smithers, for like probably two months, was like a pretty terrible experience, unless you were mean, like, unless you like knew how to, like, go in there, and when it breaks, like, unbreak it, or like change the source code, like, fix the bug in real time, and like block yourself, like the fact that, like, I noticed, like, with TDM, a lot of times when things broke, people would just, like, silently churn and not actually complain about it, or, like, whereas Sniffers actually getting, like, upset, like, I really wanted this to work, and it's not working, like, can you please help me get this to work, and that to me

Speaker 2  1:16:12
was a signal that I

Tina Z  1:16:13
had like more PMF, and why I pivoted from focusing on TV. So I'm going to ask, Who else, like,

Speaker 2  1:16:26
went in yesterday's

Kristel Alliksaar  1:16:29
agentic tooling,

Speaker 2  1:16:30
agentic application

Kristel Alliksaar  1:16:32
session,

who that is, and maybe bring

Speaker 2  1:16:51
the mic closer,

Andrew Miller  1:16:52
yeah,

Tina Z  1:16:58
we'll set you over here for the time being, yep, so speak up, what's your impression, and okay, well, first, like, for if you went yesterday, how would you describe JJ Hub, and, like, you know, in

Speaker 2  1:17:15
sorry, not JJ Hub, Smithers,

Shashank  1:17:17
and also other projects that stood out to you that went yesterday? I like, I do see

Speaker 2  1:17:29
some

Tina Z  1:17:30
benefits of Smithers, JJ, have

Speaker 2  1:17:33
we just heard briefly, like two lines yesterday.

Shashank  1:17:35
So, what is Smithers to do like? How would you use it? I saw it as a good

Tina Z  1:17:45
alternative hardness, which I could use for some of my development

Speaker 2  1:17:51
tasks,

Shashank  1:17:52
but why would you use an alternative harness? What do you currently use as your primary harness? I don't have a primary, I'm just using multiple anyways based on the use case, so yeah, and teleport the router, which Andrew presented. Also, I felt like it could be a better way to manage what's happening within the entire organization, and just get a summary of it, if people are actually sharing their type, basically

Speaker 2  1:18:38
the conversations with

Hunter (tinycloud)  1:18:39
at a common place, and yeah,

Tina Z  1:18:45
regarding

Speaker 2  1:18:47
contradictory thoughts, right? Yeah,

James Barnes  1:18:49
so

Speaker 2  1:19:02
good

Prakhar  1:19:02
way to get people to, you know, move around, so you don't sit there for too long, I think, like, subconclave would be something that could be running for, you know, whatever time period it could be. So, if it's like a long time period, let's say we're trying to compare something like week one to week seven, we would, you know, essentially have the agent having that particular context would be great. That's where I realized I think I said it also during my page that I'm looking into more context to realize how I can use it to maintain the context across the entire pipeline, and I mean, yeah, Teleco Tractor was like really cool, and the fun thing is that I found out about like Telecodractor. Like two months back, I think, when the first hackathon was happening, and you posted about it in one of the chats, and me and my teammates signed up, but we could not, like, realize what the potential was, so, like, so what's the purpose of, you know, posting my whatever info is like public that particular message, but then yesterday James actually raised this really good use case that me and Andrew was also talking about in the morning that you could like meet people that are like-minded or teleport, right? So, whatever Claude is posting, they could match you with them, and it's kind of like setting up this

Speaker 2  1:20:25
blind date of

Tina Z  1:20:26
two people that are using the notebook, and yeah, that was kind of fun, got it. So, anything else anyone else presented on Thursday, besides mothers, and besides,

Speaker 2  1:20:40
yeah, Facri

Shashank  1:20:41
presented his Smithers, and with two lines of mentioning of JJ Hub, and Andrew presented on Teleport router,

Kristel Alliksaar  1:20:48
it's four of us, conclave contextuals, methods, energy, router. I would maybe add that to my mind, at least to really simplify, then conclave context and router things have super good energy, like synergy between them, because really to make like an end user product because because you know there was input and configuration there was ingestion

Speaker 2  1:21:22
and then there was

Tina Z  1:21:23
output so basically like I don't know for my mind they clicked very well great so okay that's kind of my hunch. So I want to kind of maybe zoom out a little bit and see, like, raise your hand in the room if you, if like 80% or more of your work is done, like only like via your agents or like your ability is augmented, like basically over 80% Raise your hand. I see

Dmarz  1:21:58
23456,

Andrew Miller  1:22:02
Wow, that's a lot.

Tina Z  1:22:07
Yeah, raise your hand if you're not using agents. For I'm assuming everyone in this room is using agents, but I was okay. Who do those who have raised their

Speaker 2  1:22:19
hand? Raise your hand again if you have

Tina Z  1:22:24
AI psychosis

Fucory  1:22:25
and you

Speaker 2  1:22:26
really need

Tina Z  1:22:26
help. Okay, like on the feeling the feeling of the feedling team, who's working on information diet and TikTok addiction correction therapies, and Ethereum team to really hone and drive in there to improve the work life quality of those in AI psychosis. We may need to invent an anecdote. I think it'll be successful if we invent an antidote of it by the end of this program to cure their AI psychosis, so the kids can have healthy relationship with their agentic stack, and I think for those who presented on Thursday, like it stood out to me that you know, comparing to the Wednesday cohort, which is privacy preserving local first kind of the privacy stack folks, the agentic stack folks have not only synergy within your own cohort in terms of like actually building something truly useful, your product may be evolving throughout the weeks, and everyone in the room is your user, and so, like, I like I, so in other words, I think that I would again reference and pick on Frei a little bit, since you know we know you and your potential there. I think that what Fabri has kind of candidly shared as his confusion, as anyone who's working in the AI, like agentic tooling AI space, not only is because it is moving so fast, I think that you are also trying to figure out what is your product positioning like, given that anyone can be your user, but yet the Go post is constantly moving as newer, more advanced model coming out, that certain capability become possible, and that could shift what you perceive as. At that, you know, a month ago, three months ago, as the pain point that everyone experiment experiencing, so how do you, in an extremely fast changing landscape, still be centered and have a unique positioning that will give you at least three to six months of protection of building a product that will be able to have traction and not be superseded immediately by what everyone else is building as well as what the big labs are coming up with and that's what I suspect of like the everyone's project, as in everyone is not only like, let's you know, set aside searching for a product market fit, perhaps the product that you currently have, or the project you have, they are all just part of your own learning experience, as in, I see each of the project, and you know who's in the Thursday cohort. Essentially, you're building the tools that enables everyone in within this cohort, and this cohort can be, I think, a great initial seed user to help you evaluate and benchmark what value are you actually creating, and what does good look like? I think that teleport router itself, or the human water cooler replacement, the agentic replacement that can intelligently match based on shared context and surface insight and deliver message in the right form factor that product I think is much more I'm personally familiar with it because I may have raised many product requests in the past as in I myself have the biggest pain point in augmenting my own capability, and I see this as needed across teams that are siloed, and this paper leader cohort is the perfect playground sandbox to surface shared insights, serendipity, potential synergy across the cohort, and to be delivered to you in a high signal, low noise fashion, and in a form factor that you can accept, whether you are async maxi or you only answer like in a conversation, in a dialog, like when you can, you know, in the ways that can best engage your brain, so like that's essentially a more product-oriented like project, compared to, like, it seems like other other projects are still in shuffle, as in their less is less clear who's their customer, you know, and like whether they can service a particular anyone particular in this, well, yet, as in, like, I think that one of the success we should be aiming at, at least within the first month, which in almost three weeks from now we'll have, we'll be part of the ETH Global Hackathon, and be one of the, and we'll have, like, we're basically in talks with collaborating with global to have one of our first demo days in three weeks, and I think I hope by then, like, essentially everyone who is in the Wednesday and Thursday cohort can actually have collaborate and create use cases that could address the pain point of at least one person in this room today, and I think that's one of the things that everyone who's working around tooling should try to a small goal to aim for, make something truly useful, that is 10x or 100x of anything that exists already, and so, yeah, so I guess with that I'm going to ask, switch gear a little bit, I know that Shaw has not gone yet, and I also know that one of our guest visitor, Greg the Greek,

Speaker 2  1:29:14
was here

Dmarz  1:29:15
and is supposed to be here.

Tina Z  1:29:18
So, let me ask, is Greg still here?

Speaker 2  1:29:23
The other

Dmarz  1:29:23
room, I go grab him. So, and do you know when

Tina Z  1:29:28
he needs to go to his dinner, I think.

Speaker 7  1:29:32
Seven is

Tina Z  1:29:32
what he said, which is the 20 minutes. Okay, so grab him. I roast him a bit, because he's probably, yeah, for context, because we did have an interview with Greg the Greek, and I know that he would not be able to be proud. Isn't throughout this entire like shape rotator program, but I think he is a really great shape rotator himself, as he co-founded like one of the most successful and like longest living, as kind of funny, as a dev shop, but itself is also a dev shop that's successful over time, is almost like a technical product studio, as in they can pick out, they need to pick out what is likely going to have traction, what is likely going to have an impact amongst, you know, the universe of products that they could work on, and now he has chosen to kind of, in the past few years, create his own product called that is a like agentic solver,

Andrew Miller  1:30:41
and even in that product journey he himself has gone through quite a lot of pivots, so like Liz, Liz also has to leave at seven,

Speaker 2  1:30:52
so if you

Tina Z  1:30:53
want to call on her for some,

Dmarz  1:30:54
get it in. That's funny when I say to you, Gross Greg, and

Speaker 1  1:31:00
yes. Okay, so

Tina Z  1:31:02
doesn't have higher psychosis, but I'm not sure I believe.

James Barnes  1:31:08
Okay, well, um I guess Greg, you have a

Speaker 5  1:31:12
hard stop at seven, right?

Tina Z  1:31:13
Yeah, okay. So, so I think that both Greg and Liz, who are both, I think, friends or guest visitor of the cohort like what both needs to leave at seven and I guess Shaw can be here, so we'll, I think we can start us start Charles, Charles' presentation at around like seven or after after I get to roast Greg and list a little bit, so I, Greg, I just gave a Tina style, potentially not super flattering characterization of you and your personal journey. I think you can fill the blank with your imagination, and I am going to also, this one is going to be a challenge, really, for me, because Greg's experience is so different from Liz, and based on what I know about Liz, Liz is, as I mentioned, mastermind and go to market when it comes to when it comes to like back in the days in Azuki, which I think some of you here may be familiar, if you're close to crypto stuff, which is the NFT, like I guess studio in my view, that is quite creative, but it's hard to characterize and pinpoint, but Liz, can you do a very

Speaker 2  1:32:53
brief intro

Elizabeth Yang  1:32:53
of yourself and experience, so to help calibrate, so I can roast you better in the next 15 minutes. Yeah, hey, I'm Liz. So my background is in all things growth speedy marketing community, I've been working in crypto for around the past 10 years. In terms of my life overall experience, I started out my career working at working on Wall Street at Goldman and asset management, and then I moved to Berlin to work at a startup there, and then from there I was working at an old Slayer one, shout out all their ones, different error

Speaker 2  1:33:34
in crypto,

Tina Z  1:33:35
and then from there I was working at a Zuki, and now

Dmarz  1:33:39
I'm consulting with Flashbots

Speaker 2  1:33:43
on feeding,

Tina Z  1:33:43
and on, yeah, on which product, yeah, yeah, Flash Boss, yeah, that's correct. So, so I think basically, in my view, while it's challenging, but it's interesting because,

Speaker 2  1:34:00
like,

Tina Z  1:34:00
for Greg and someone like Liz, I see them as essentially like potential contributors that could help everyone who is in the shape rotator cohort, who is a shape rotator yourself, like understand in their own areas of activities, so in Liz and her case, most of the folks, aside from those presented on Tuesday, which is much more consumer and markets, and much more like fall in the traditional category of product, especially consumer product, like Liz is a. Good person to kind of a good go to person for actual go to market, like I think co design and, and you know, run the experiments live. I think that for most of the folks who are on the in the Wednesday, which is privacy cohort, privacy stack cohort, and the Thursday, which is agentic stack cohort. I think that, as I mentioned, we may be a couple weeks before getting to a place of concrete use case and product that could utilize go to market. In other words, like you may be a few steps earlier before that, and like I think on another hand, like grab the Greek with his vast experience as a living shape rotator, having co-founded multiple organizations successfully, and also lived through like able to ship anything that his clients want to getting you know in his step in chainsafe and you know over the years to knowing how to kill products like how to kill projects what not to work on is a really useful skill for the privacy stack cohort and the agentic stack cohort, as in some things are just not worth doing, perhaps, as in, like, especially in us. I think folks in both are needing to find and refine your who is your target user. What is the actual product you are creating and serving? But with that I like what I wanted to kind of I'm going to ask each of them a couple questions so that that would be relevant, so Greg, like I like to ask you, like remember the conversation we had maybe in the San Francisco a year and a half ago at the pirate ship one night when you and one of, like, Andrew's friend, who has been with Google X for over 10 years, like, where we discussed kind of the R and D journey of, like, you know, how do you actually productize ideas, and what are the hardest, what are the hardest things? So, like, I think that night our conversation got a really deep impression on me. So, what, like, in your experience, right? Like, how, like, you know, what is the hardest thing? Like, how do you decide back in the days of what product you know when you, you know how to choose a product and project when you have the capability of implementing every anything and everything,

Speaker 2  1:37:37
but you have limited bandwidth, and

Greg the Greek  1:37:40
like, and you are more

Speaker 2  1:37:42
developer

Tina Z  1:37:42
and

Kristel Alliksaar  1:37:43
infrastructure

Tina Z  1:37:43
focused. What was the question? The question is,

Speaker 2  1:37:50
what? Yeah, how did you

James Barnes  1:37:51
decide

Speaker 2  1:37:52
what to, what to, what to work on, what

Greg the Greek  1:37:55
projects to pick, and what projects to kill? The other projects is like, move the mic. Sorry, yeah. you're like killing projects, is like systematically easier, like harder due to like emotional attachment, so we typically set really clear requirements across like multiple segments, I think, like you shouldn't even build until you talk to people, and then they need to build it, like once you do that, we're like relatively good into that setting like metrics for in on the BD side and on like the tech side, for what has to like get hit for us to continue working on it. Otherwise, could kill it, but like what ends up happening is like a little bit too much emotional attachment in the idea of getting

Speaker 2  1:39:00
it one more

Tina Z  1:39:00
block than

Speaker 2  1:39:01
maybe

James Barnes  1:39:01
it's not

Speaker 2  1:39:01
always. It's a

Tina Z  1:39:01
drag, like a little bit longer than you should, but usually we only give stuff like one over here. So what about What's your workflow, and kind of, how do you set up, like, kind of a, like, the process, like, you know, how are the teams, how are the teams divided back in the days? Like, what routines and things that worked over the years in terms of being able to enable the successful,

Speaker 2  1:39:25
like, minimizing

Greg the Greek  1:39:26
of emotional attachment and making rational decisions on product and projects that's worth keeping. Yeah, it's not like

Speaker 2  1:39:37
you just happen to do it a few times

Greg the Greek  1:39:39
and learn from your own mistakes truthfully, I. I think, like, one of, like, one of, like, the best things you can do, though, is like set your set, like, very diligent targets, and talking to the cohort of people that are gonna, like, use this thing. I mean, it was a bit more unique for us back in the day, because we would like prop up networks by building their like native infrastructure, because they didn't have like anybody to like build an alternative client, so it's a little bit more unique, but when we started to experiment on our phone, it was really about just like giving it a few months as an attempt, talking to people

James Barnes  1:40:30
about going down that road. I mean, nowadays with AI, like, I don't know, I'd be like, just POC something

Speaker 2  1:40:36
shit, you

Tina Z  1:40:36
know, in like two days to help with the discussions with, like, potential clients. That's what we've.. so let me ask you a couple more specific example of, you know, based on what you said just now, so like, for you said it's really important to set for setting metrics and kind of evaluating, and that you also mentioned that in a lot of the work that you used to work on is to help other people who do not have the capability or the resource to ship, like essentially a network, but they may have the design and whatnot. Like, can you give a couple concrete examples of, like, the type of work, the type of project that is typical, and then, like, you know, anyone, and

Speaker 2  1:41:27
like you know the kind of metric that you set for them, and why you may have killed

Greg the Greek  1:41:32
some of the projects, like be a bit more like the atypical ones would have been like Lodestar, or like Filecoin that we did right, like those long-term stuff, and then we would build on top of it way back in the day. We, what we do is, we would like assemble a like Svelte Corps team, and we would try to rotate people's work on that by bringing other teams together, so we'd take like one person from each, and we used it at Chainsafe. We used to have about 15 independent teams running at any given time, depending on consulting some of our other channel projects. It was like quite predict, and so we would grab one person from each team and work stuff together on like many like POC style projects that we could ask across pollination happening. News is a pretty good one of what we did was way back in the day, was that like RPC protected surface, it's like Is like block aware or something that don't get aware it's like it checks to make sure the police simulates it and thinks we like tried to do that. We tied it like splits it, and we had to kill it because like no wallet would like onboard, and we started with like three or four wallets. We had like little GSC in the gun, and like none of the wallets would onboard in there like obviously bolder, so so we actually just like six months heavy, they obviously like we had to adhere to our rule, which is like we gave it like two months and it was like we couldn't find clients, you know, we had the demo that was like needed a side part to like finish it, that's just the reality, right? It's like it sucks. There was like 100 meal raised, it was like three reported from projects, and did count the same thing, like six months later, 12 months later. But you know, sometimes it's hard to timing, and sometimes not. You just have to like so many things, I like recently just killed something, like building like one of the deal bank card aggregation kind of style.

James Barnes  1:44:13
We did like

Tina Z  1:44:13
two, three months of it, and just kill it, because like it just didn't work for what we needed. Yeah, it's like, why do

Speaker 2  1:44:20
you not work?

Greg the Greek  1:44:21
Like, can you be a bit more specific on the more recent example? yeah, we didn't follow our own rule on the product side, so like we only chatted with like cohorting users that were in a very particular niche, they were like only

Tina Z  1:44:42
gnosis card. Users and they gave us the wrong signal, and then also wrong signal, as in it

Speaker 2  1:44:51
wasn't

Greg the Greek  1:44:51
representative of the rest of the world, as in this is too much of an in-group of, you know, limited market, yeah, and then also the after like the weekly hacks

Tina Z  1:45:10
earned landscape just like that, so perhaps like maybe just to take like one thing I did not, you know, really introduce is that you have pivoted from like essentially what you have spun out chains from chainsafe, which was essentially the dev shop, the R and D shop that focuses on picking projects that's you know gonna win that you implement it for these third party customers towards building your own project that is this, which is this spin out sprinter, right? Like, so what was what was originally what was a sprinter, and how has

Speaker 2  1:45:57
it pivoted

Greg the Greek  1:45:59
over the course of past year and a half? I remember correctly, yeah, we started as like an MEV solving team, then we had me like sweat into liquidity provisioning for the solve cross chain, so and like you know, moving USBC and other assets around, like taking loans against them to Arbitron Grants, and yet like liquidity flowing between chains, because solver there nowadays we have expanded it out to just like offer the same like constraint constraints of locals that you're offering you solvers, and now offering it to like wider cohort of people use cases broadened down to be

Speaker 2  1:47:01
like intraday load, but we have

Tina Z  1:47:03
like a bunch of restrictions, so you can do under collateralized, so in like in the Sprinter product journey. Why did you first like you seem to have gone through like two sort of of a pivot or like at least from a product form factor in terms of what are you actually building and selling, so like the first one from like essentially a team that is that does the agentic solving, like intense solving team,

Speaker 2  1:47:40
like you know across you know

Greg the Greek  1:47:42
different blockchains, right towards servicing those teams, like, is that did I hear it right as the first pivot?

Tina Z  1:47:48
Yeah, like we were still like our number one customer throughout Apple Pro sixth. Why did

Speaker 2  1:47:55
you decide

Greg the Greek  1:47:56
to be, you know, why did the first this first shape rotation happen? Why did this first pivot? The loans are two expenses for us against like the profit market, so like the rates that's super compressed and behaves super competitive, and in order to prop up our own like facility to compete with the PMs, like the professional market I do, you have to have our own like like around the book, and the rates to borrow at that was levels were like pushing like 15 to 20% of typically, and it would just keep the margins too hard, so we

Speaker 2  1:48:40
knew we could get it for like six to

Greg the Greek  1:48:42
10 by going throughout these

Tina Z  1:48:50
was the main driver, so you feel the pain point yourself. It's not only your top line as your potential revenue, the or your target market, what you can, the profit margin is low, but you're, you're also seeing the pain point of where the cost is coming from and the needs unmet, so that it becomes more sensible to service your own needs and be able to lend that expertise and profit from, or attempt to profit from servicing other

Speaker 2  1:49:28
solvers, like

Tina Z  1:49:29
solver

Speaker 2  1:49:30
teams

Tina Z  1:49:31
like yourself, is that like the kind of, like a good summary of that pivot, and then like, and now like one of the in our like interview or. Conversation recently, what's out to me is that your second, I would say not, it's not necessarily a product pivot, but I mean it is a technically a product pivot in terms of what you are offering seems very different, which is under collateralized lending, which my understanding was that in your, you know, your first pivot, you pivoted towards kind of this sort of facility as the one product form factor that can service more similar small new solver teams that does not have a massive amount of capital, but then, like, I see this more of a business focus of a bigger product market than now that you're servicing, which is the essentially the hedge funds, the trading firms, like, and basically financial institutions, it seems like, but focus more so on a particular, you know, more narrow asset type, which has volume, like it seems to be more of productionizing this product and service expertise that originally started out, you know, meeting your own needs as a sovereignty, it's like, like, is it like a good kind of characterization as a, it's not really a pivot, but rather is a productionization,

Speaker 2  1:50:57
and

Andrew Miller  1:50:57
as you realize, it can service a much

Speaker 2  1:51:00
bigger

Greg the Greek  1:51:01
market with deeper pocket, yeah. Sorry, I It's our goal was to always like start to

Speaker 2  1:51:12
continue underwriting into like the market maker kind of world.
